I have breadth and depth of expeirence. Professionally as an engineer, Product Manager, Marketer, and a Product Designer
"As an EIR, I am constantly thinking of how the technologies in question can be applied to real-world applications not just in the future, but today. I also worked on an AI chatbot project for the past 6 months.

In my previous role, I was tasked with bringing innovation to a generally traditional and slow-moving jewelry industry.

I have a bias for action and getting things done which I feel are valuable characteristics for a one-day makeathon."
My undergraduate degree is in Informatics and I am now pursuing a masters degree in Human Computer Interaction Design. I have both experience in the business side to the technical side.
I have a background in prototyping electronics, mechanical design, understanding market opportunities, and how to utilize prototypes to validate ideas and designs. Although I am not super deep in any of these one areas I'm able to bring together a multitude of disciplines to support an idea and build a prototype to validate it.
I love making things. I invented magnetic crayons in the second grade because I had gotten tired of losing them. I made a tool to help students optimize debt payments and retirement savings because I need something like that. And I'm working on a student guidance app to help students plan their college careers early on so they don't have to waste money on an unnecessary 5th or 6th year. I also automated President Obama's letter library just for fun. 
I have a strong and broad background in mechanical engineering, manufacturing, and cross-cultural business. I have worked on products ranging from wearables to precision electromechanical systems. I have worked and solved problems at every stage from proof of concept through to final customer delivery, and I bring that knowledge into the design process. Knowledge of the entire supply chain and product development process is critical to making informed decisions about design and functionality.
After taking Internet of Things and Wearable Tech classes this past semester, my knowledge of emerging technologies and how to best augment them in today's immersive atmosphere have been cemented.  I often look for new opportunities to connect users with new content through immersive experiences and visual stimulus. Understanding the direction that digital content is heading is vital in this age where media is being rapidly overturned and the lifespan of new tech is fluctuating.  We need to capitalize on these new immersive technologies to create lasting experiences that separate our digital platforms from the plethora that could flood the market. I feel that with my industrial design background and passion for generating immersive experiences for users makes me an ideal candidate for this makeathon. Thanks!
I believe I take a unique approach to problems that come my way. For example, I developed a novel research project in which my manner of raising solar cell efficiencies was providing a nocturnal source of light through bioluminescent algae. I never would have conceived of this project without Kayaking to bioluminescent bay in Puerto Rico with my family in middle school and seeing the algae flash bright blue as my hand skimmed the bay's surface. I don't just sit in my room and research topics, but I prefer to actively engage with the community and world around me, which has given me a unique perspective on how to tackle problems. I value efficiency, quality, and ingenuity that I have learned through athletics, scientific research, singing, travel, and other activities that I choose to participate in outside academics. So in conclusion, I believe while I may not be a computer programming prodigy, I'm a quick learner with a thirst for innovation, production, and competition. 
My background and skills are relevant to think makeathon because I have a variety of experience wth different methods of design and innovation. I am currently studying Computer Science and have created iOS applications that integrate virtual reality. I also study Architecture which allows me to better think spatially and visually, while also equipping me with 3D modeling skills. Having studied fashion design and having created a clothing brand and product, my understanding of physical manufacturing and wearable innovation has been expanded. The CoLab works inter-disciplinarily to use innovation and design to solve problems and I believe my interest and experience with various methods of design would fit well into the CoLab narrative. 
I have been part of various collaborative teams aiming to design for the near future (sometimes for old future as well). I have a broad design background varying from Industrial, Experience designing to physical computing. Having being part of Commatrix Taiwan (20 students representing different country), Stanford India Biodesign (collaborating with doctors, Bio-med eng.) , thesis project (collaborating with team in Singapore) and Fabrica research center, Italy (26 nationalities representing their country for a year) has given me exposure to value and learn to work in favor of spaces with different skills, languages, humor, background and approach towards design. I have strong bent towards blue ocean approach as I am always thriving for new ways, opportunities, methodologies, technologies to solve and resolve,  
In a world full of specialists, I am a generalist. I have knowledge of product, visual, systems, experience, interaction, and interface design. A knowledge of woodworking, metalworking, casting, plastics and more. But most importantly I have been taught, through my education at Wentworth, a way of thinking. A way to approach new problems. A way to research. With this skill, I can approach any problem with the right frame of mind, learn insights, and apply my technical skills once a need is identified. 
"As a master’s student studying human-computer interaction at Indiana University, Bloomington, I feel as though I have strengthened my understanding of the design process and human-centered user research and can offer a deep, driving desire to learn and to deliver quality work.
Curiosity is my passion and I want to apply it to projects with real impact and work on something I care about. This curiosity leads down an unknown path and the beauty of being a lifelong learner is that I may not actually discover solutions or answers, but just having this tenacity helps me to take the next steps because even when I don't know what I'm doing, I still know what to do.
My background in HCI designing human-centered products and services for explore emerging technologies and testing them on real people give me valuable skills and relevance to apply towards this Makeathon. I appreciate your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you. Thank you for your time!"
I have a wide array of inter-disciplinary skills that can be individually valuable to any team. However, my greatest strength is my combined and equal perspective on and understanding of technology, design, and entertainment. I work best with a variety of different types of people from many different backgrounds. This makeathon seems to be a great place to collaborate with multi-talented individuals.
"At RISD and Brown University, I have been developing a range of skills from
editorial publication design to user-centered web-based interface design. For the
past three years, I have been attending hackathons and Starthons to pursue my own interest and fascination in visual interaction design, and experienced working as a Software Designer Intern at IBM, where I was exposed to Design Thinking Process. I’ve taken a wild journey to continuously challenge myself, take risks, and keep making and refining work. At IDEO, I would like to participate in its journey with my work ethics and passion in solving design problems."
I went to school for visual design, UX design and recently, product management. I'm passioned about products and I enjoy working with a team to validate ideas!
my 5 years of experience in robotics clubs and research has helped me bolster my mechanical design skills and creativity. Through my experience working on and leading teams, I have learned how to use my strengths to highlight and support the strengths of my teammates to succeed in our project goals. The technical background and strong work-ethic I learned from my father, an automechanic, have caused me to be a hard-worker with a deep appreciation for understanding and improving technology.
Over the past couple of years, I've worked at Fidelity Lab's Blockchain incubator and done a number of design consulting projects in fields ranging from IoT to food to medical devices. As a result, I've built a strong skill set in business design. I believe this will be a valuable addition to the make-a-thon in identifying promising opportunity spaces and understanding how we can create value with the concepts that we're designing!
"As a minority female from a seven children low-income family with a single mother, I was constantly discriminated against. But a real star  will always shine. Now at Harvard, I am determined to advance not only my own knowledge, but to help others like me succeed in their passion.

Among the unique, my set of skills are especially unique.  My way of thinking has been shaped largely through the hardships that I faced growing up. I think cheap, fast, and efficient. I think for the masses, I think for the common folk. I have applied some of my creativity towards new initiatives for my bartending business -- including a menu revamp and new employee benefits. That is only the tip of the iceberg. 

I am potential and I want to be kinetic."
I am both a designer and developer who loves making (and watching) a project come to life! I have expertise in Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch, Axure, and InVision, as well as some programming background which I think is perfect for a makeathon such as this.
I am an aspiring designer that loves to create things for technology. I do not believe an experience can be designed, but I hope to help shape and guide the facets that contribute to one's experience with a product.
"I have strong skills in Digital Fabrication, Paper Prototyping, Origami, Electronics, Raspberry Pi, Full Stack Development.

 I have been a visual artist since my childhood so I can dream and make things that I dream of."
I have experience working in design thinking environments. This understanding will allow to work effectively with teams. Moreover I have a strong desire to create products and experiences that move the needle in peoples lives. Because of this I have high expectations for the output of my team.
"I would bring an open mind, informed perspectives, creativity, contagious enthusiasm, and much more:
--Global experience working with clients and partners in over 20 countries
--Web/mobile expertise from concept and design to delivery and governance 
--Proven Leadership skills managing new programs, partnerships, and high-performance teams
--Passion for IoT and commitment to lifelong learning  

 I may not be your typical applicant but I do believe I can make a substantive contribution! Thank you for your consideration.


"
I have spent my life helping kids & adults become problem-solvers & then solving problems/making things as a UX/UI designer. I am a fast learner & love collaborating with others. I want to use these skills to solve real-world problems.
I've worked on an "internet of things" service in my previous job as a product designer. Lucid's product, BuildingOS, brings together disparate meters, sensors, and other devices across a building manager's portfolio and consolidates all the data gathered from each device onto one platform. From here, building managers can easily work with their data and transform this into information that is accessible and actionable to non-technical stakeholders. I want to see how I can imbue some of IDEO's design thinking into my own personal pursuit of making sense of an increasingly interconnected world. 
My background in anthropology, media, marketing, and product development, along with my MBA from MIT, allow me to marry a human-centered design approach with strategic business capabilities.  Prior to business school, I worked in Penguin Random House’s Digital Innovations group, where I was repackaging and rethinking our content: how it was curated, delivered, and consumed. I believe these experiences would be particularly relevant to this makeathon, especially with regards to AR and VR.  
I have been deeply involved in computer science and programming ever since I started college. I took multiple CS courses, from object-oriented programming to functional programming. I have even worked with Microsoft HoloLens in one of my projects, and thus know basics of AR development.
I have done a lot of work involving social justice and diversity, as this is a passion of mine. Empathy and understanding of people is not a subject I am timid about. With my course work focus in computer science and design, I am able to   carry out the design process with an understanding on the possibilities of technology in mind. As well as having pursued my passion for design outside of college in other areas, I have a firm base in fine arts and a wide range of art/tech combination exposure with fields like computer animation and game design. I've worked alongside business students as the OSU campus ambassador for the Harvard Undergraduate Women in Business Conference. I have a very strong self initiative to learn and a great sense of social responsibility to give back to communities. In addition to my home life background of growing up in rural Ohio, I know I can contribute ideas and skills for communities that are often overlooked in urban areas.
"I am confident that with my past experiences in using data to drive customer-centric innovation, working in collaboration with diverse stakeholders, and creating impact, I can be a valuable addition to the team. I will bring to the table a myriad of experiences including previous product management, entrepreneurship, strategic planning and consulting, wherein each of the above, I have worked on multiple different aspects of design, product strategy that is used by millions of customers. 
"
I see this everyday as part of my job
As a team member of MIT Hacking Medicine for the past two years, I've fallen in love with the design thinking process and its potential to produce disruptive innovations. In Hacking Medicine, we facilitate healthcare hackathons that are similar in concept to the makeathon, only applied to healthcare. These have provided me with a good grasp of what it takes to be a strong team player, and an adaptive, outside-the-box thinker, while still staying in constraints of sustainability and keeping in mind a realistic target market. I know how to gather around the right people, mentors, and skillsets to produce ideas and products that work, in a setting such as a makeathon. Despite my firm rootings in healthcare, I've also seen and learnt how the human centered design approach can be applied to virtually any cause or problem, and would love to put my knowledge to use to make something impactful in this makeathon.
I have real-world product management experience and a track record of being data-driven and customer-first while using a/b testing, clear product roadmaps, and discrete prioritization
"As a potential Product Design (PD) major, through different projects during PD classes (ME101: Visual Thinking and ME 203: Design and Manufacturing), I was formally trained in the design thinking process and gained valuable skills in identifying users’ painpoints, brainstorming, prototyping and eventually how to run tests with users and refine my product based on their feedback. Besides in-class works, I have been learning UI/UX design on my own, mainly on Lynda.com and in the process, familiarized myself with various softwares for UI/UX design such as Keynote, Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign.
Apart from my design background, through the introductory Computer Science and Electrical Engineering courses at Stanford (CS106 sequence and ENGR40M respectively), I have been coding in Java and C++ on several CS projects and built a series of electronic gadgets (useless box and LED cube, for example) using Arduino micro-controllers."
I have Computer Science skills, but I also am very proud of my skills outside of that realm. I believe that I am good at coming up with creative ideas, good at listening to others and working together. I would love to be involved in something from the planning to its creation, and to work with others to do so.
I have worked as a researcher, engineer, designer and a product manager in the past and I believe that this is a great platform for me to meet people with varied experience and knowledge and create opportunities to make a positive impact. 
I am designer by profession, well versed in the user centered design process. I would bring design thinking and design skills to the project I become a part of. I am also skilled in quick prototyping techniques for fast iteration and user feedback.
I am a doctoral candidate in Harvard's Educational Leadership program but prior to starting school I was a virtual school principal. Before that, I was a virtual school teacher in both synchronous and asynchronous environments. I know how current technologies are being used in most schools. There is a great deal of untapped potential in our newer technologies.  
I've organized design workshops at Yale for the past 3 years with a club that I started for interdisciplinary design, YaleMakes. I have done freelance graphic and web design, and have experience with managing project scope and client expectations. Technically, I am proficient with modern javascript web application frameworks and coding with arduinos from hackathons and participating in my hometown's makerspace. 
I have rapid prototyping, coding, and teamwork skills. I am able to make and do and want to do it more
I don't have any technology experience, but my background in the policy world and in state and district education systems position me as an interested consumer with fresh eyes. As a person who's interested in organizational effectiveness and design thinking, I bring enthusiasm for the process and approach.
I'm not just a talented and creative designer, but a critical problem solver. I love to create and design and watch as products come to life. It's the same thrill I get from writing, or drawing, or sewing. But it's not just that I have an innate skill for design and a background in graphics; I love people. I bring great energy to teams I work on. I'm a cheerful, driven, focused designer, that never settles for anything less than what I know I'm capable of. And I'm personable; I love talking, engaging, and working with others. I'm studying UX and HCI because it combines people, design, and technology. I don't have strong coding abilities, but I make up for that by being a dynamic and hard working team member.
I have experience in both hardware and software design, project management, operations, and business. I believe my varied background allows me to approach situations from many different perspectives still with a big picture point of view for the critical issues. 
I have a visual design background, and have gone through a UX boot camp training and work as a UX designer. I'm currently teaching myself creative coding 
Because I have built products for 15 years and more importantly eager to learn and apply
I've had experience with emerging markets and I know front-end web development. I can see the world through both technical and marketing lenses.
My extensive experience with lab work, coding skills, and instrumentation have provided me with ample exposure to technology and computing. During January of 2016 I worked in a synthetic biology lab, utilizing restriction enzymes, promoters, and gene “BioBricks” to genetically engineer novel biological systems and regulate the expression of their genes. From 2013-2015 I observed the deflection of cosmic ray muons when electromagnetic and ionized fields were applied above scintillators connected to photomultiplier tubes detecting the muons with an ISEF-finalist science fair project. I have also taken part in labs corresponding to my physics courses of mechanics, electromagnetism, and waves, giving me more exposure to different pieces of hardware and software. I also have experience with python, especially in the context of scientific problems. 
I am an innovation manager as well as a designer
As I mentioned, I've been developing websites since I was 13. I've always had a passion for design - whether it be as the graphic designer for a fashion magazine in my university or as a user experience designer for a research lab's android application in my university. I've always taken up roles that require my technical skills but also my creative talent. While I do hope to learn a tremendous amount at the makeathon, I believe that I have a good amount of experience to be a valuable member of whatever team I join if I get selected. 
I believe everyone is unique in their life stories, everyone. My life story revolves around Collaboration, People, Concepts and getting handy. I also am an ideation freak so the environment you will be putting us through will be so stimulating for me and to others and the happiness i get from that will make everyone bring out the best in themselves in working together. That i think is the value i present through you
My mind is satiated by creativity and thinking of new angles to attack a problem. I've worked alongside both for and non-profit startups in which I've had to conduct foundational market research to help a team penetrate their niche target market. Interning for a wealth management firm taught me the importance of following through with a dedicated client base and establishing clear lines of communication to provide the best client experience possible thanks to a functional intra-workspace environment. My experience interning for a Korean Hedgefund taught me the importance of nuances of a company's past actions in order to gain a better sense of how they'll think going forward. I've learned some valuable lessons about teamwork, independence, and having an open-mind that I think would allow me to bring some value to the makeathon team
"Not only have I worked on my own entrepreneurial venture while at Tuck, but I have also done consulting projects, and participated in workshops and conferences such as the MITX design summit. As a student, I have benefitted from the willingness of individuals to have candid conversations with me offering advice and mentorship, and I do my best to pay this forward-mentoring prospective students, undergraduates, and former colleagues. 

Additionally, I have participated in ideation workshops, and case competitions offered through Dartmouth, and will bring an understanding of the work methodology and best practices of project management for short events like this.

"
I can provide my project management background and marketing insight as well as design methodology, rapid prototyping and making skills to my team.
 have the diverse range of skills from deep research, interaction design, visual design, and technology. I also have strength ability in connecting the dots that will serve me to bridge between IT people and designer. 
I can bring in visual communication skills, a Chinese cultural background, and an open mindset.
"I have skills in conceptual thinking, UX design process, prototyping, sketching illustrating, in 2D, 3D.  

I believe I am valuable to this makeathon because I'm an excellent listener, storyteller and collaborator with the drive to make things happen in a short amount of time.  I have both the visual design experience as well as creative depth to help build things to fruition, both in physical and digital. I'm open to being mentored, and excited to help those who want guidance as well.  "
I do both hands-on engineering and software engineering. I have also been involved in a lot of other projects (e.g. my research project on CRISPR-Cas9) which have been helpful in ideating and designing new solutions for problems.
"I just spent two years as a project lead managing a multi-disciplinary team. I work well with people from different backgrounds to envision and achieve a common goal.

While at SPARK, I ran multiple brainstorms and rapid-prototyping session with clients. I learned different types of user experience testing. These skills will be useful during the makeathon because  I will keep our end-user in mind and figure out ways to quickly test our ideas.

As an MBA student, I can provide the business support on an idea: revenue generation, cash flow, operational challenges, marketing, etc."
Storytellers and other artists are usually the last ones picked to join the team, yet we ask vital (and annoying) questions, usually starting with "Why?" We're used to combining unrelated things to craft meaning. We're good at collaborating with diverse (and wildy talented) peoples. We often see things in ways that differ from engineers, scientists, and technologists. We're used to getting our hands dirty. And if anything, we'll tell a great story.
"I am an interaction designer who is well-versed with Design thinking methodologies and human-centered design practises. Having the ability to facilitate such discussions in the situation of a Makeathon, have proved valuable skill for such fast paced evolution of ideas. 
I believe that lovable experiences arise from the unison of business viability, technical feasibility and user desirability. I have in the past successfully transferred my belief into designed products using my skills of user research, prototyping , physical computing  and visual design."
I am a researcher and designer at my core. I love to delve into an issue to learn more about it and to apply my design skills to craft solutions. I have worked as a research assistant (Tufts DevTech Lab, Tufts Human-Computer Interaction Lab, Columbia University Medical Center) and as a multi-disciplinary designer (TripleLift, MITRE, Steve Madden). I enjoy working with others and discovering the intersections between seemingly disparate fields.
I am familiar with these technologies and existing products. I also work on my thesis research which is related to AI and what kind of role it play in domestic area. I can share some of it if possible. 
I have over 15 years of conceptual design and execution .  I have taken a strong part in all of my projects open till now. Often taking the role of the lead designer, project manager fabricator and installer. Through many years of experience I have become proficient and in many tools of the trade in both digital and physical production realms. 
As an electrical and computer engineering major with a minor in design, I create technology that is influenced by design thinking and techniques. My background enables me to influence products and systems of the future. This makeathon will give me the opportunity to collaborate with innovators across fields and together I believe that we can create something tangible, useful, and disruptive!
I'm familiar with several coding languages, like C, C++, Java, etc. Now I'm studying python. About software, I'm sophisticated at Processing and Arduino.
I am familiar with design thinking process, and I am good at various prototyping platforms.
"As a Human Computer Interaction major and Computer Science minor, I am skilled with interaction design, visual design, and development. Having strong development and backend skills as an interaction designer makes me a good communicator in a team of designers and developers, which can help smoothen and speed up teamwork and design iterations, a crucial part of a 1-day makeathon. 

I also have leadership experience and project managed 6 artists and developers in a larger team of 20+ students working on a student initiated project. We developed an educational web game that teaches elementary kids how to recycle and be environmentally conscious. I illustrated and animated game components, helped design the game interface, lead my team through multiple sprints, and shipped our product off to a few local elementary schools. (You can play it at http://recy.cool.) This experience also taught me how to be an efficient leader and collaborative team member! "
"From a technical perspective, as a computer science student at MIT with a significant software background (and as a general engineering student at Cambridge University in the UK), I have a good understanding of the technical feasibility of ideas and would be able to suggest ways of developing ideas into a solid plan.  I am also specialising in Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence at university and so I have some knowledge about a major focus of the Co-Lab makeathon which I feel may be useful to have.

In addition, I'm very interested in the entrepreneurship side of things and, through attending classes in the area at MIT as well as through developing and leading business-viable projects with classmates,  I also believe I can make valuable contributions to the more fundamental business case if needed. 

Finally, in terms of my soft skills, I very much enjoy the prospect of working in a tightly-knit team (and have done so successfully many times in the past at Hackathons)."
Collaborative challenges like this are what I live for! I am trained to find innovative ways to research companies for their opportunities and constraints. My passion is in a human centered approach: I seek to find the intersection of human needs and the capacities of technology, and all within the constraints of the business.  I work fast, iteratively and collaboratively. Which means that I design my process to invite  lots of feedback and I'm always looking for ways to leverage the strengths and perspectives of my team members. 
My skills are valuable because I think I bring a very different perspective than most other Programmers. I love creating beautiful things it doesn't matter if it is a few lines of code or a drawing. 
I am a quick Prototyper.  I can build an app in a few hours. I have a background in Branding and Visual Design. I also worked as a User Experience Design for two years.
I've spent my life working for the better good; between developing computer programs processes for volunteers, writing algorithms to help those will mental illnesses, and a natural curiosity for hacking, few people are at a better position to learn more.
"I have solid academic experience in Interaction design and with my background in Industrial Design, I would be a tremendous asset.  I take great pride in my adaptability towards
multi-disciplinary projects and my ability to simplify complex information and constantly learning and unlearning sets me apart as a designer."
I love to think about these things, and I think best by bouncing ideas off other people, prototyping, and making. 
Im an engineer focused on agri innovations and can bring in diverse view points while understanding the practical aspects.
"I have experience with Augmented Reality (Hololens application created at a UROP with the media lab).
I have both technical experience with Web Development and backend in addition to design experience.
I like other people and am comfortable with asking questions when I don't know or understand something"
As a technologist, a consultant, and a social activist, this makeathon is the right place for my set of technical skills and my interests in social innovation to work with others who can join me in the goal of innovating for better design for the improvement of our futures. 
I am a writer and content creator. I love looking at the big-picture and finding trends that can be re-interpreted for new book formats and series, to create something new that people want and need. I also develop new book formats... something that requires looking at an existing technology with some constraints (books, printers, paper, pricing) and finding a way to improve it, make it stand out, adapt it to fit the content, and make it more user friendly. I think I could use this skill (in collaboration with a technologist/visual designer to improve digital, virtual reality and other kinds of products.  I also think virtual and augmented reality products need good writers to make them compelling. In terms of the internet of things, virtual assistants like Siri and Alexa have personalities and voices... and I assume someone has to write that content!
I am an industrial designer but also a business professional.  I love to make, I love to learn from others from diverse backgrounds, and I am a technology geek. 
there is a level of empathy that must be taken into consideration, regardless of what you are trying to build. Being able to anticipate the end users wants, needs, fears, etc are critical in creating the best possible product that everyone will want. I also believe that my interpersonal skills are relevant to this makeathon because I am able to bring people together despite conflicting ideas. 
Besides having a deep understanding of design and aesthetics, I have experience in building and designing virtual worlds and models, and I know the implications these technologies could have in that matter.
I am curious software engineer seeking to build relevant experiences for people. I love learning about how things work and how to improve upon them for personalized experiences.
My background prior to my graduate studies was in marketing in the music industry.  I have taken those skills and applied them to my passion in product design and I am fascinated by the emerging technologies that are becoming integrated into design.
"As a design researcher I can help teams think from their user’s point of view deeply and quickly. Conducting interviews to validate our designs and presenting work are second nature. I know how to move a team moments of ambiguity toward alignment. I can also develop flows and wireframe quickly in Sketch to get digital prototypes working in a jiffy.
"
I have solid skills in brainstorming, design visualizations and fast prototyping.
"Business Acumen: Babson MBA in Marketing (&Analytics), growth hacking experience from startups.

Innovation Acumen: LeanStartupMachine Boston winner ('14), Lean development/business model design, customer development.

Prototyping: Apps using mostly: Keynote + Keynottopia + flento, humble photo editing and graphic design skills."
I spent most of my professional career in an industry where creativity was expressed and showcased on a plate and in a glass. I had a stint at expressing my creativity helping a family business. I also became quite proficient in human behavior and gained an insightful mind that can solve problems on the spot. My formal business education that I am receiving at Babson complements my soft skills and adds another dimension to my business acumen and quantitative data analytics skills. I believe these are skills that make me competitive and add value to any team and organization that strives to make a difference in the world.
I am curious and passionate person with experience dealing with diverse teams and bringing people together to create a great culture. I have a creative mind and I am always finding new ways of doing things and executing them. I am constantly challenging the status quo and wondering how can things be done better. Lastly I am a very competitive person that is always trying to improve but life has also shown me to be humble and respect every person for what they are. 
I have a background in computer science (mainly C and Python), but I am also a student in the History and Science department at Harvard. The core of that is to understand how technology/products and science affect society and bring new and innovative things to the masses.
"I studied Economics (Finance) and Mathematics at Duke University, interned at consulting firms, and now I am studying landscape architecture at Harvard Graduate School of Design. With my interdisciplinary background, I can be the bridge to bring business and innovation together.

Though we try to not judge a book by its cover, it is hard to dismiss the fact that we are visual animals. In a fast-paced society, we need visual cues that engage potential clients and users, before they appreciate the ideas and technology behind the scene and look forward to the business. With my skills in Adobe Creative Suite, and my undergraduate training in finance, I believe I am a unique and valuable team member for the makeathon."
"- I attended a design program in Chicago to deepen my understanding in UX/UI and worked with several clients on designing their products. Here, I sharpened my skill in various design tools and learned to work with a diverse group of individuals. 
- For over two years, I was at Zenefits, a HR-tech, SaaS startup where I led a team to build the nation’s largest database of underwriting information, collecting data from over 800 distinct carriers. The work of our team reduced the confusion for HR admins and employees, allowing them to easily digest insurance plan information and providing insights in their decision-making process. 
- Prior, I was a student at Dartmouth and research assistant at the social neuroscience lab, studying how Afrocentric features affect social perception. 

All these skills are valuable and relevant because they help me think from a technical, operational and human perspectives in solving problems.
Feel free to learn more about my background on my LinkedIn page!"
I've spent the last three years deeply rooted in technology, innovation, and business strategy consulting. With experience across domains ranging from healthcare, to mobile networks, to insurance, the underlying theme throughout my work has been the role of technology and its potential to create meaningful impact. I have worked with companies from Fortune 100 organizations to small start-ups on problems ranging from identifying new product offerings, to business transformation strategies. I also have a keen skill set and deep passion for design research, and the process of developing empathy through conversations and observations to uncover meaningful needs firsthand. The combination of my passion for creating societal impact through the use of technology, my experience across a broad range of domains in which these technologies are already on track to create momentous change, and my experience in business strategy, I feel my skills would be a valuable addition to the CoLab Makeathon.
I graduated from RISD in June with a BFA in Graphic design. I have an interest in infographics, UI, motion graphics, 3D modeling etc. It's important to me to have a range of skills. When i examine a piece of content for a project, I have a wide range of options in terms of media to execute the task. Being able to be flexible with these medias is what I believe I bring to the group. 
Both academically and professionally I have many years design experience to create User Experiences and Interfaces. Furthermore, my current study in MFA Design and Technology has been giving me the chance to involve more in emerging technologies such as VR, AR, Cognitive User Experiences, etc. and I am learning a lot about them both technically and practically. So, I believe I can contribute more to my team in terms of design and development (in some fields).
As an industrial designer, I can easily express my idea through mock-ups, sketches and 3D renderings, which is helpful for the communication in team work. Also, I am doing a project about technology in the future and it is really accessible to bring more understanding into this makeathon. My past experiences of being an exchange student had allowed me to be able to communicate with students from diverse background and understanding different cultures more effectively. Having multiple exchange experiences also helped me to be able to quickly adapt to new situations and master necessary skills.
Management consultant (Project management, communication skills, industry research) PM (design thinking, product feature design)
I'm a problem solver and I enjoy criticial thinking exercises.  I'm also a system leader and a visionary, which this can open my possibilities to other areas.  Finally, I'm a life-long learner and I'm highly interested in strecthing my learning outside my comfort zone.  
... because I spent years analyzing consumer behavior and market trends and generating insights for companies. Being a former private equity investor, I have a broad skillset that allows me to tackle questions both from 10,000 ft startegic view as well as bottoms up, interviewing customers and running analyses.
I have worked closely with developing new technologies before- both in a large organization like Shell and also a start-up. I have been involved in different stages of the life-cycle of these products- managing projects and operations. I also believe that my strong background in mechanical engineering will help me bring a new perspective to the table.
I have an engineering background both backend and frontend which I can use it to make a concept into a real thing. In addition to it, I always love to investigate the needs of people and find the solution to address it (you can see it on my project /work). 
At school, I’ve developed proficiency in digital design workflows that move from AutoCAD, Rhino, and ArcGIS into representation (Adobe CS) and fabrication software (laser cutters and MasterCam for CNC routers). Additionally, analog and digital study models made in Unity have played an integral part in my workflow as well. Although much of my academic research explores landscape intervention as an urban scale catalyst, I’ve also entered garden festival and public art competitions with my colleagues that focused on small-scale interactive structures and the myriad of ways culture is enacted upon landscape. I’m interested in expanding my material practice related to tactility and atmosphere and could employ not only my landscape sensibility but also my background in woodworking and participatory design of outdoor installations and playspaces to the team I’ll work with at the makeathon. 
I'm both a former Marine Infantry Officer and a JD-MBA at Yale Law School and Stanford Graduate School of Business.  I believe my background has given me a deep grounding and perspective in the world's most challenging problems and the ways societies can be ripped a part.  My graduate program has also given me a perspective on the interplay between constitutional law, strategy and markets, and how technology impacts all three.
I am a problem solver who has found success in ambiguous and challenging environments.  I have 10 years as an Army Engineer, have published materials science research, optimized an electric fish barrier, and studied blockchain in depth.
I am currently training to think about both function and aesthetics, subtlety  and clarity, complexity and simplicity, which is relevant to all design problems.
I can bridge the gap between engineering and business. I have chemical and biological engineering background, and now studying MBA. Engineering mindset is valuable when a team is trying to double down on specific details. On the other hand, business mind set helps a team to have a bigger perspective of what we are trying to achieve.
... I can provide a business perspective to these emerging technologies, understanding how to make creative solutions also a sustainable source of competitive advantage for IDEO/its clients business strategy.
I have a diverse background and mix of technical, design, business, and interpersonal skills.  The foundation of my technical and design skills came from  studying EE + CS as an undergrad at Harvard and working as a hardware designer for the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL).   In addition to new technical and design skills, I am also gaining new business, leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills from my joint-degree graduate program at Stanford.  I am currently in the second of three years at Stanford, where I am pursuing an MBA from the Graduate School of Business and an MS in Electrical Engineering, with a focus on hardware/software systems (data science, AI, machine learning) from the School of Engineering.
Extremely diverse set of skills, from business skills, go to market strategies, coding, AutoCAD, marketing, engineer, problem solving, analytical, design, and physics. Gives me a very unique view of any real world problem. 
...I have 20 years experience in interactive design + a Masters degree in Service Design Innovation (w/ Honors).
I have a strong programming background, with extensive open source contributions (https://github.com/agermanidis) and experience working in fast-paced startup environments (https://www.linkedin.com/in/agermanidis). It includes exploring machine learning algorithms and deep learning, one of the focuses of CoLab, professionally as well as in open source projects like Thingscoop (https://github.com/agermanidis/thingscoop).
I rapidly iterate and am comfortable pushing the limits of my abilities to grow and learn.  I work in Harvard's Fabrication Lab and am familiar with digital design and rapid prototyping technologies, including CNC milling, 3D printing, laser cutting, and robotics. 
Good 
I'm great at thinking about business models and customers because of my background in early-stage venture capital and at business school. As a former award-winning journalist, I'm great listener and storyteller. Finally, since I can code a bit, I'm able to take action on my ideas.
 My work experiences coupled with my academic pursuits have aided me in developing my written communication and collaborative skills. The group projects I have worked on have helped developed my understanding of the design process from need-finding to final implementation. Through my course work, I have been able to develop my skills as a designer and have worked on personal projects to further my knowledge in need-finding, wireframing, and prototyping. 
"Co-founding a startup and working as a product manager helped me to practice the design thinking process daily, from start to end. For instance, when I was researching how students and teachers could use a big data driven study platform, there was a lot of disbelief in the use of technology at school and most teachers saw us a threat. I learned different tactics to empathize with their realities and presented our prototypes for feedbacks, which enlightened our team about potential features and brought us all closer. Teachers finally felt we were building the product together. I also learned how to communicate difficult concepts (like machine learning and our AI algorithm) in a simple and visual way, which helped us to make a successful product launch.

My experience as a MBA/MA student has been insightful for developing tech business. Being an active member of the High Tech Club, Entrepreneurship Club and VR workgroup helps me to understand this market better and how to address it.
"
I am an interaction designer with significant experience in development. As you can see from my portfolio, I have worked with wearables, motion gestures, custom sensing technologies, mixed reality and interactive narratives. I am well versed with the affordances and limitations of these mediums. Furthermore, I love problem-solving and I am good at it. I think that with my combined experience in working with such technologies and my skills as a designer and a developer, I will be a productive member of this makeathon.
I've got more than two decades of experience as a coder, designer and maker. I can work with software and hardware, and I'm a good critical thinker. And I love working in teams!
"Skills:
Design strategy: Users-centered design, Critical design
Research & UX: Information architecture, Information
design, Psychological design research, Consumer
modeling, Experiment design, Psychometric analysis,
Surveys, Usability studies (lab-based).
Prototype: Conceptual models with Axure, Sketch,
Principle. InVision, Justinmind, Arduino, Sketches.
UI: Prototyping / front-end development, Visual design
with Adobe Suits(including InDesign, Illustrator,
Photoshop).
Interaction: Max Cycling, Aftereffects, final cut pro.
Programming: Html/css, Java, Python, Javascript,
Processing, Grasshopper for Rhinoceros, Dreamweaver.
Exhibition: MS office, Keynote.
3D Modeling: Conceptual models with AutoCAD,
Solidworks, Rhinoceros, keyshot."
I thrive in a collaborative environment. With a background in philosophy and theory, as well as architecture, urban planning, and other design disciplines, I love to think about scalability, the construction of things and the interaction between the physical and the digital. I can relate ideas with other ideas - I am a big-picture person that loves to deal with the meticulous details. 
I have taken machine learning classes and will be taking AI classes in the upcoming quarters. I have experience in product development using various design skills.
I have the background to bridge both the business, technical, and design portions of the team. As a Case Team Leader (CTL) for the Harvard College Consulting Group, I worked on two case teams which advised a global cosmetics company and a mobile payment startup on the supply chain dynamics and marketing aspects of new product launches. As a CTL, I spoke directly with the clients and was responsible for handling their relationship with the club and case team; I believe this experience will allow me to better contribute to developing a business model for any idea or product during the makeathon. As a student specializing in computational physics, I've implemented several machine learning projects at NASA, at a proprietary trading firm, and at Harvard (see GitHub profile). I believe this will allow me to understand and communicate technical details of any products during the makeathon. Finally, I am also taking a design class at Harvard (ES 22).
As the co-founder of 30S, my partner and I are experiencing first-hand the many challenges of entrepreneurship, including growing our user base and making sense of customer feedback to make design improvements and enhance the user experience. We conducted online user feedback surveys, which has taught me to be more pragmatic and open-minded to listen to customers and understand their needs. In addition, I also have valuable business skills through my Bachelor studies in International Business (Northeastern University, Class of 2014) and experience at a FinTech startup, EFL Global, where I spearheaded financial projections and compiled information for the investment due diligence process with external investors and helped them raise over US$1.8MM. I can leverage my experiences to design practical prototypes and applications for the very exciting technologies that we will work with at IDEO CoLab, while gathering valuable feedback from the corporate members to improve them.  
I am a artist, designer, composer, developer, computer scientist and electrical engineer.
"I am both a designer and a programmer. I have designed 3D puzzle games, VR games, buildings, and I also developed programs such as web application, image processing program, machine learning program, etc. 
But it is not enough that I can both design things and realize them. The more important thing is that I can understand different people's ways of thinking. In a group of designers, programmers, business people and entrepreneurs, I am good at knowing others' intentions and communicate with them, and balance between different demands.
In the MIT hackathon last year, I worked together with people from Harvard Divinity School, Business School, Graduate School of Design, MIT Media Lab, Pratt Institute, etc. I could understand that they all have different emphasis and I helped to balance them well in our final application. And we got the 2nd prize!
I believe that in this makeathon I can provide not only design thinking and coding skills, but also good communication and teamwork skills."
Coming from venture capital, I have had the fortune of supporting amazing entrepreneurs and their startups. We try to explore the universe of technological and business ideas, and attempt to separate the feasible from the not. To properly evaluate these ideas, a key skill I gained is to be thoughtful around all aspects of a product - the creation, the scalability, the customer, the market etc. As a former banker, attention to detail is paramount. As a former captain and officer, ensuring a cohesive team is critical. 
"Since I started at Harvard Graduate School of Design I’ve taken courses and participated in projects that focused on human-centered IoT product development, fabrication techniques, programming and prototyping. I am also involved in the development of Roboat at the Senseable City Lab at MIT. For my Doctor of Design thesis I am looking into how artificial intelligence can be used in the built environment, and have therefore educated myself on the topic of AI. I’ve always had an interest in research driven design. 

For a full list of the courses I have taken / am taking, and my skill set: please have a look at my LinkedIn profile: 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lara-tomholt-86874733"
Before coming to GSD, I worked in several Architecture and Urban Design consulting firms in Singapore, Boston, Paris and Hong Kong for almost two years. I have a strong design background and experience in different types and scales of design including architecture, landscape, urban, product, lighting, fashion, AR/VR and so on. My expertise in 3D Modeling, rendering and design thinking will contribute to the makeathon.
"I'm a deeply technical person by training who highly values the relationship between technology and business, and has been fighting to become a more effective bridge between the two. My goal - and something I've invested a great deal of time, effort, and research into - is to eventually become a skilled ""orchestrator"" who can effectively get technology, design, business, and the actual human actors involved, all working together and making the sum far more than its parts. 

More concretely, I've implemented neural net architectures and reinforcement learning algorithms to familiarize myself with the technology (often borrowing innovations from papers of DeepMind or others) and actively keep up to date with current and emerging technologies with an eye towards applications (due to my personal goal of eventually being a successful entrepreneur.) "
I like building things. If I can't model something, I build a prototype and go from there. My main background is in business development, which incorporates a lot of modeling and strategy involving opportunity assessment. I have worked on several projects involving the implementation of business opportunities including establishing partnerships for a user testing start-up, developing market strategies for a biotech firm, and developing a business proposal for a start-up accelerator in Myanmar. 
"I’m confident in my ability to get my hands dirty, and never shy away at the opportunity to create something with my hands. I have a wide range of experience in making things, including building an award-winning cedar strip canoe without any prior boatbuilding experience. I am a team player and a team leader by trade, given my experience as a coxswain both for Harvard and for the United States at world-class competitions. Thus, not only do I know how to make things, but I am also excited to work with other people to find the best ways to make things, and the most creative ideas to bring to life. 
"
I believe many diverse experiences I’ve had in my life demonstrate my natural curiosity for the world and my passion for discovering the use of new technologies. Some of these experiences are; being a psychology student, strategic planning at DDB, curating an innovation and trend blog, organizing Turkey’s first Maker Faire, product managing for Turkey’s most recent open social innovation platform (designed in collaboration with OpenIDEO). Most recently, my curiosity led me to move to Boston as a MS Innovation & Management graduate student at Tufts. Right now I’m happily pursuing my dreams to build a VR product that helps professionals to develop their public speaking skills. While all of these experiences seem to be different from each other they have one very important thing in common: the unknown. I think my background and skills are relevant to the makeathon not because I have had different experiences but because I have always been comfortable with embracing the unknown. 
I have a background in consumer insights and analytics, having worked in Procter and Gamble for three years. It has helped me develop a sense of empathy and unbiased observation of people's needs and desires. Additionally, as a business student, I like to delve into the intersection of consumer desire with a business' need for profitability. I can help understand how to best create products that can be monetized.
I have a number of experiences in working on projects, ranging from video analysis to small chrome extensions. This work will allow me bring in creative ideas and solutions as inspiration for a solution to a brand new problem. 
I bring a diverse set of experiences across design, business and social impact to the table. I moved from India to the US to study economics at Stanford University. After graduating, I worked at Google where I managed operations and strategic partner on-boarding for newly launched e-commerce products, driving expansion within the US and across 14 markets. Interested in the intersection of technology and social impact, I then led new business initiatives in India for Endless Computers, a social enterprise that builds affordable computers for users in developing countries. My international development experience also includes work in education quality assessment at the Hewlett Foundation and product design at Noora Health. 
they showcase that I know how the design thinking process works and highlight my serious interest in the Internet of Things space as an emerging technology. 
"1. I bring direct experience designing and launching ventures via design thinking & innovative problem solving.
a) Recently led a multidisciplinary team on a 4-month venture building project (team blog link shared in q10)
b) Worked as a Business Designer at a startup studio in Colombia (http://www.polymathv.com/), leading the launch of an after-school education startup (http://www.kidu.com.co/).

2. I can glide across different modes of thinking (convergent vs. divergent) and operating (structured vs. scrappy). While I’m well trained in deductive, structured approaches (e.g., engineering from Princeton, former McKinsey consultant), I readily dive into free-form activities and love rolling up my sleeves in scrappy, iterative work.

3. I love playing the facilitator role in collaborative settings. I firmly believe strong teamwork trumps individual ingenuity. I care about enabling a psychologically safe environment in which every member is comfortable voicing their unique perspective."
Several qualities distinguish me. Firstly, I love to create. I hate joining a community and leaving it unchanged. I was in an Nepali orphanage as a volunteer; I was the only volunteer in its history to conduct an in-depth diagnosis and build a Travel Fund. I joined Wharton Global Impact Consultants, and initiated club structuring to streamline the process and increase efficiency. I always think about how to add value positively, a desire to create that makes me a natural maker. Secondly, I am extremely passionate. I'm famous among friends for my great energy level. I can be a salsa dancer at night and show up in the meeting the second day as a top-performing consultant. I travel to Myanmar and Malaysia, wearing muddy clothes and carrying heavy cameras to photograph disappearing tribes. Passion is my fuel to create. Lastly, I am a thinker. Years of nonprofit and consulting experience prepare me to be a sharp problem solver. Solid skills e.g. research and modeling enable me to create.
I have an engineering background with 3.5 years working as a product manager for a mid-size tech company based in San Francisco. I bring technical knowledge, big data experience, project and product management skills. Together, I can help the team to be customer centric and run an efficient process from discovery to finish.
I've coded, collected data, analyzed data, thought about policy, and written arguments. However, as someone from the research side of things, I have thought about why recommendations rarely ever get implemented -- and that is why I came to the Kennedy School, I wanted to learn about the politics and how to create the bridge from having a good idea towards implementing a good idea. While this makeathon maybe about team building and idea generation, I am someone deeply cares about relevancy and translating these good ideas towards effective implementable creations.
"My background in entrepreneurship and social business has given me substantial team-related experience. I have also travelled the world extensively living in both South Africa and Spain. These global experiences increased my ability to relate to a wide range of personalities and cultural perspectives. Currently, I am pursuing my Masters degree in Industrial Design where I'm learning to tackle a range of conceptual and real challenges. 

I have effective communication, leadership and problem solving skills. Additionally, my ability to sketch, make quick models, brainstorm and iterate quickly on disparate concepts supports any makeathon team."
On one hand I am finishing my MBA focused in entrepreneurship and therefore my strength is business modeling. On the other hand I've undertaken different projects in various fields: restaurants, art gallery, nanotechnology and literature. My most valuable skill is the ability to extrapolate my experiences in these diverse industries finding contrasts and similarities to other settings. This way I can bring new points of view to a team that can push these views even further. 
I am a proven business designer as I successfully worked with the founding team to turn a business idea into a real business with a valuation of US$15mn in 5 months. I am creative and perseverant. My finance background helps me balance creativity with economic viability. 
The most important skill that I have been developing both serendipitously and deliberately is being able to speak the language of different people from different backgrounds and motivations. I had a very multicultural and bilingual upbringing with exposure to so many different facets of life from an early age. In my professional career I led many cross-functional teams as a strategy professional and learned to collaborate well with colleagues from all areas from Creative, supply chain, HR, PR, design, marketing and finance, almost always serving as the central information hub. I became adept at "translating" objectives and work challenges between teams that "speak different languages" and mediating internal conflicts that arose in projects. I loved to hear from retail executives that previously didn't like working with the "business" folks that they wanted me on the project because "she gets it."
Design a business is the core of our program GradID, ArtCenter College of design. I am good at human-centered design through qualitative design research, future trend study, effective design skills, creative strategy and roadmap.
"I began my career at a design firm (IDEO) and my years there instilled a drive for innovation and creativity that continues to permeate to almost every decision I make. I have experienced cultures from a tiny start-up sitting on lawn chairs in a garage, to huge global corporations. Every place I go, I take a piece of my own culture with me, my personal brand that focuses on innovative thinking and a human centered design approach. 
While hesitant to move to a ‘stuffy’ corporate environment like EY, the opportunity to join an organization with such scope and depth of impact was the right choice. I have worked with all manner of clients in many industries and sizes, always with a focus on client empathy. I have gained a true understanding of business needs in many fields, where technology is lacking and where the human element is most vital. I bring the perspective of a student, worker bee, advisor, world traveler, and mother. This unique perspective makes me an invaluable participant. "
I have experience developing in this environment as part of an intelligent team that knows how to deliver. 
I am a mechanical designer and maker.  I'm used to super rapid prototyping, integrating with industrial designers, and all aspects of physical prototyping.  
"VR content is powerful, but needs to be intentional to be effective.  I understand people. When I look around the world I read how people interact constantly, without effort. This leads me to find human-centered design flaws in...a lot of things. I also do a lot of research to answer the questions that I ask. What makes people feel empathy and act empathetically? We know from the behavioral
 and neural sciences what kind of situations foster and build empathy. We're starting to test and discover the details of what makes VR effective in creating these experiences - from the exact perspective taking and vantage point of the viewer, level of storytelling and backstory necessary, to the level of realism needed in human figures and environments. Combine this with VR development masters and that's going to lead to some powerful stuff."
"My studies at RISD Graphic Design have equipped me with a view of design that marries the conceptual and technical spheres. This allows me to look at design conventions critically—considering everything from efficiency to pure joy of designed experiences. 

I take this view and apply it to technology across the ways it intersects with our lives through mobile, desktop, a database or a game. I search for how to challenge current standards and create the adjacent possible. I am constantly building on top of what has been done, rather than settle within pre-defined spaces.

By engaging with communities directly, rather than working with a purely top-down approach, I’ve developed a strong awareness of these group's needs. Rather than just consider my exposure, I believe we should actively design openings for them to engage with the development of future technologies. My advocacy for underrepresented groups will contribute a perspective that is needed in the design and technology fields.
"
As I mentioned above, I do not come from a technological background. But I do come from an industry founded in creativity and passion. I have worked with incredibly talented winemakers and learned that it takes more than passion to create. Winemaking is dirty, tiring work. It takes grit, and determination, and passion and vision. In making wine, I have had to learn to work in a team above all else. Furthermore, in a winery production facility, any number of things can go wrong at any time, requiring quick action and problem solving skills. I believe these skills are pertinent to all industries, and that the passion for creating can connect people of different fields, helping to unite for a common goal.
With my design background, I can work on the design plan and data visualization. In addition, my previous strategic consulting, brand promotion, marketing and advertising experience endowed me with analysis and research capacities, as well as the ability to designate business plan to consolidate out ideas for human centered products and services 
My background and skills lend themselves to this makeathon because: 1) I have a track record of producing results, at scale, with a collaborative and diverse team of individuals, 2) I approach each new organization, role, or task with a learning lens, 3) I can share my operational experience in leading companies that have worked with innovative technological approaches such as these, and 4) As my background in EdTech suggests, I am passionate about making change in K-12 education by harnessing the power of the student in the context of exciting and emerging technologies.
"I am a global thinker, experienced systems designer, project manager, and communicator. I thrive in challenging, ambiguous work creating & scaling business across borders, cultures & disciplines - from the California Governor's Office and the White House, to the streets of Mumbai and villages of rural Indonesia. 
 "
"I am a systems thinker who is able to consider different frames of reference and is not afraid to ask apparently stupid questions.  

My work on my thesis, as stated before, brings a new way of looking at materials to the table, that looks at materials as generators of form rather than receivers of form.  In other words, how does one read readily available material to make optimal use of unique qualities rather than considering material stocks as products."
I  can  build 3d models and sketches and provide  a lot of new  ideas.
My passion for technology innovation for social impact and research-design projects are a great fit for this future-forward makeathon. I have facilitated design-thinking workshops for municipal and federal government, managed design and product sprints for civic tech and media projects, and have analyzed crowd-sourced data from a hackathon for academic papers on breast pumps. Through these experiences, I’ve discovered my love for facilitating creative problem-solving, working with interdisciplinary teams, and articulating important themes in large data sets. I would be a great asset in facilitating the making process while foregrounding the sociotechnical context and implications for impact.
My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because we are working with new technology, and I believe that I can adapt quickly to new ideas and build upon the technologies.
I have had significant leadership and work experience in the field and can speak to the problems and opportunities that intersect with a venture I am thinking of pursuing (named above about teacher education and VR). I come with the ability to work through complex problems, to project manage, and to build relationships with a diversity of people towards a given goal. I am detail oriented and able to show a track record of success in pushing change within organizations and through the influencing and motivating of people. 
I bring in a very unique background not immediately associated with technology and design: working on education projects in conflict zones. As a humanitarian and human rights educator in Myanmar (Burma) since 2011, I've worked in conflict areas performing peace education workshops in conflict-affected areas of the country. It came to my attention while performing trainings in these areas two things: one, that conventional trainings have a limited capacity for participants (i.e., limited trainers and training spaces) when it should really reach the greatest number of people, and two, that technology has an enormous opportunity to provide a solution for delivering education in such areas. I think my background can provide a unique insight into the social application and potential for technology centered design.
"As someone who has to do both hardware and software development, I believe I have a wide range of skills that I can contribute. I can get my hands dirty and making things. I enjoy drawing CAD models and work with rapid prototyping methods such as 3D printing, I also enjoy rolling up my sleeves and heading to a machine shop. I have plenty of experience of wiring up sensors with actuators, and coerce them into doing something on an Arduino or Raspberry Pi or a computer. I'm fluent in several programming languages (Python, C++, matlab) and dabbled in web design languages such as HTML and . And if it's needed, I also have a solid technical understanding for buzzwords like ""machine learning"", ""big-data"", etc. 

Additionally, I have a variety of interests outside of my technical background and are frequently engaged in many organized activities. I believe I have a well-rounded perspective on things and can often speak the languages of tech, arts, designs, and business. "
I can quickly and thoughtfully synthesise insights from a collection of comments; I believe listening and learning should inform contributing; I have a technical background followed by 3 years of experience at the juncture of business - customer - product, wearing hats I never dreamed of as a founding member of a start up... and I've loved turning creative chaos into something real and meaningful!
My background is in consulting and social innovation. I have worked with private companies across industries, and have worked at a large foundation to support many non profits to increase their capacity and leverage social innovation approaches such as social enterprise models, collective impact, developmental evaluation etc. I have also worked with government to innovate on the models they use to fun nonprofits and how they evaluate social outcomes. I think my tri-sector background would enable me to think about solutions from the perspective of the different sectors, and anticipate challenges and opportunities. 
My backgroung is namely in business and education. I studied business for 5 years in France before working on an education structure for 2 years. In that perspective, my background helped me hone my skills as a business designer and manager. I'm currently enrolled at MIT in an interdisciplinary program that focuses on human-centered product design. In that field, I'm developing skills to better interact and merge with engineers and designers while developing products. I'm convinced that my background and skills would be helpful in the CoLab makeathon: they allow me to combine a business design sense drawn from my personal experience, with a product design knowledge derived from my classes at MIT and projects with engineers and designers in the past 5 months.
"I have spent the last six years designing educational games for kids. I work on cross-functional teams to create experiences that are awesome for our users and that satisfy our many stakeholders.

As the lead designer for the kids team, I supervise three other designers. I give quick and candid constructive feedback to help others improve their work. I am very organized and I am deeply invested in process. 

I am also the resident brainstorm expert in my department. I have researched brainstorm techniques extensively and facilitated over 20 brainstorms in the last year and a half. I am always looking to share this skill and learn more. 

My background in kids design will be a different perspective than others at the makeathon. Through my work with kids I have learned to think more creatively and approach problems from many different angles. "
As a double major in computer science and architecture, I have skills in both coding and design. I have worked in machine learning and AI and am currently taking a computational design lab.
I have experience working with various artificial intelligence systems as well as with web development and design. I am extremely high energy and love solve challenging plans.
"I built a VR game for Google Daydream and did a lot of projects that involves 3D printing. 
These have inspired me to dig deep into a ""VR modeling -> 3D printing -> 360 photo presenting"" chain that can replace the ""drawing -> printing -> photographing"" chain that we currently have. "
I am a Mathematics and Computer Science double major and I think both logical thinking and technical skills are needed and relevant to this makeathon. 
Before entering graduate school for industrial design, my undergraduate studies focused around anthropology, sociological research, and cultural theories of human technology interactions. Technology is inherently and necessarily about people, and understanding this techno-human relationship is at the center of my design practice. As much as I am a student of academic research and writing, I pride myself on my ideating, physical prototyping, and making skills that bring my ideas to life. This interdisciplinary is what defines my approach as a designer.
I have done quite a bit of product design of mechanical products, and I also have quite a bit of software development experience. In combination, I expect these skills should be quite useful!
I have background in both business and engineering that gives me a multidisciplinary perspective. I have skills in technical development from my education in Systems Engineering, my experience in programming and product design, and my work experience as a Quantitative Analyst dealing with large data sets and model building. I also have skills in business development from my undergraduate degree at Wharton as well as the MBA at Stanford GSB that I am currently pursuing, and my work experience in an asset management company working with various departments and developing client presentation decks. Last but not least, my interpersonal skills are particularly valuable for a diverse team in a high-stress environment as I can apply the lessons learned from my teamwork and leadership experiences in the past, making sure that team achieves its goal and all members can grow.
admitted to a global undergraduate program of 1.5% acceptance rate, I'm learning critical skills of complex systems etc with students from over 70 countries. I believe my background in analyses and broad perspective will help the makeathon thrive for its diverse perspective. I am also a learner since middle school of computer science and all the applications you can make with it. I love geek things out. 
After resigning from a 10-year career in hospitality you learn how to be flexible and use limited resources to achieve results. My background and professional training  in design, business, and marketing and management allows new to be a jack of all trades that aga values because I tend to question until I instagram the problem to find potential solutions that is most meaningful and useful to the users 
I have researched and studied the design thinking process, the engineering design process, and integrative STEM education throughout the past few years in several different contexts.  I was trained in the areas of engineering design and integrative STEM education at NASA Langley and NASA Wallops Flight Facility; I took a design thinking and innovative problem solving course at Harvard Business School to further immerse myself in the process; and I am currently researching how we can encourage more young women to enter STEM fields at the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.  I have also created and implemented several design challenges in elementary and middle schools throughout the state of Virginia.  
"My background in policy level advocacy, programming, implementation, and evaluation on issues such as gender equity, economic inequality, education, and health complements and informs all my work. I think the merger of new ways to think about delivering public good with art and technology is very important and a current interest.
"
I have a wide range of physical and digital protyping skills: Arduinos, Processing, Adobe CS, woodworking, metalworking, sewing, digital making, etc. Additionally, while I bring prototyping skills to the table, my background is in anthropology and applied qualitative research. I never lose sight of the human element when imagining new products and services. My presence on a team ensure the end result solves a problem and has the potential to add value to someone's life. 
Following a degree in International Education Policy I've taken a human-centered approach in working to create a replicable network-based model to deliver higher education to refugees (facilitated by the completion of an IDEO/Acumen HCD course). As a team, we've latched onto the use of service design in formulating such model. I have had a taste for design and am excited by its potential applications, but require an immersive dive into this design-thinking process through this makeathon in order to learn new tools and build my capacity to innovate in this space!
they combine specialized knowledge - about the language of medicine and clinical practice - with creative, interdisciplinary problem-solving.
My skills such as design thinking, experience design, sustainability, prototyping, presentations, blue sky thinking, personas, scenarios, collaboration, brainstorming, model making, wireframing, sketching are valuable because they are foundations of the design process.
I work well in teams, want to truly understand what the need is and design with the user in mind. I want to make things, prototype ideas and do usability testing to inform the best possible solution.  
As a result of my academic and professional experiences in investments and finance, I am an analytical and data driven thinker. This ability to identify and measure impact has allowed me to positively contribute to a variety of teams throughout my career. In teams I usually take on the role of the process builder, making sure that we have a framework that is productive without hindering creativity. From my studies at the Harvard Graduate School of Design, I have learned to also incorporate design thinking--problem mapping, solution scoping, and ideation techniques--into processes. These two skills will help me become an effective team member during the makeathon. 
"I was born with a creative mind and I remember spending long hours as a kid inventing things with Lego, Mecano, or just on paper. I decided to study Industrial Engineering to get a solid sense on business and processes. This gave me the ability to think and organize my ideas in a more structured manner. I believe my creative nature and engineering background are a powerful combination that allows me to visualize and solve problems in an effective way. On the more personal side, I also have three diplomas in Automotive and Transportation Design from Rigoletti Casa de Diseño. 
"
With a background in design, technology, business, and entrepreneurship many of my skills align with the types of thinkers the makeathon is asking for. Coupled with my passion, spirit, and desire to bring change I feel that I can help make a difference with the resources the makeathon provides.
"I have a broad view of technology and for the last years I was involved in some business opportunities and projects with various types of technologies, mostly IoT related in the last two years.
I have strong marketing and sales skills, as well as strategic planning and strong quantitative and analytical skills."
HTML, CSS, Javascripts, UX survey 
As someone with a B.S. in electrical engineering, I have more than adequate technical knowledge.  My unique background as a professional basketball player helped grow my teamwork and leadership skills as well as my competitive and driven nature.  My experience in college as a collegiate level athlete while studying engineering honed my time management skills and dedication.  My passion for art and design easily translates to creativity in the working world.  As a Chicago native and someone who has traveled to other countries, I thrive in diversity and adversity.  I know how to bring people together from all walks of life.  My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because they help me provide a distinct perspective and knowledge that will positively impact the team.
"My background is oil and gas mainly on offshore projects and their processes and this can be useful because being in a offshore projects (platforms or vessels) you have to improvise and innovate in daily bases, with this I developed skills such; making quick decisions with the available data, being adaptive, thinking in different perspective, and creating new processes. 
This are some of my skills that can be valuable for the makeathon."
I have spent my entire life tackling difficult design problems: designing ways to attract cats, designing airtight alibis to use when people complain about their newly-fixed pets, designing ways to scale this system to a network of equally civically-minded people across the world, etc
I am business person, good at designing processes and operations. I was working at McKinsey OPS paractice. 
I spend a lot of my time learning new skills, including audio design, graphic/product design, and front end web development. My personality would be valuable in a team, because I focus a lot of my efforts on refining an idea for its desirability, feasibility, and viability. 
As a Junior graphic design student at Boston University, I practice conceptual innovation, teamwork, and execution everyday. From my coursework and past four design internships, I have extensive experience in design work. This includes prints, branding, web, typography and more. Besides from visual designing, I also enjoy design thinking, problem solving in ways that other professions might not think of.  I believe that design is an essential ingredient in creating successful products and services. Therefore, my eyes for design will be a valuable asset to the teams at makethon. A big part of the CoLab experience is working with others, and teamwork is one of my expertise. From team presentation in my business classes to past intern projects to my leadership positions in school organizations, I am confident in my ability to work with others and present ideas.
"In order to make an impact or to create change for other human beings, you need to communicate them in an easy and powerful way. As an architect and urban designer, I believe that I have the skills to make drawings for different audiences and to transmit a complex idea in a rapid and didactic manner.
"
I believe I can bring a unique perspective with hands-on capabilities to the team.  With studying Mechatronics Engineering in my undergrad, participating in six internships, working for several years in consulting and big tech in strategy, and now pursuing my MBA, I believe that I can bring a variety of skills and experiences to a makeathon team.  Like I mentioned earlier, I am someone who likes to find solutions and take action.  When I was tasked at work to think through how we could increase market share in our software platform, I performed user studies to identify key feature gaps.  And when we didn’t have enough resources to develop the features, I personally learned about making calls with APIs and how to use Python/Jinja to solve the issue.  Similarly, before the age of Internet-controlled air conditioners, I learned how to use my Arduino to send IR signals to my window air conditioner to control it remotely over Twitter, solving the issue of coming home to an excessively warm
I like to make! I can code in Java, Python, HTML, CSS, and some Javascript and C++ – the backbone of any software; I have also tinkered with underwater robotics, 3D printing, and microcontrollers, and like to daydream about new inventions.
.... I have a degree in social psychology and am working towards a degree in industrial design allowing me to play in the rich space between making and human needs. Additionally, I have rich working experience before graduate school designing leather goods and in graduate school working on design research at Altitude, AI at Microsoft and healthcare products at Smart Design.  I love working with people and am curious, dedicated and reliable.  I would love to learn and contribute at IDEO this summer!
they are in nature interdisciplinary. With a strong background in education and research, and studies that cut across the social sciences, the arts, and STEM, I have a particular strength in systems thinking and analysis. To see the big picture and make the little connections--these foundations have given me the desire to question, to challenge assumptions, and to work across boundaries. Within the makeathin, these capacities will offer a perspective of creating linkages, of analyzing in precision, and of embracing the power held within the team's diverse experiences.
I have a deep technical understanding of these concepts along with an idea of their applications. What I don't have is a lot of resources and interested parties to experiment and prototype with. I know the makeathon will be a great way to connect and create.
I have a proven track record of using design and technology to solve complex problems. In addition to founding Think Young Media, I am a co-founder of Heartmob, an online platform designed to reduce trauma and isolation for those dealing with online harassment. Heartmob was endorsed by the editorial board of the New York Times and reviewed by Fast Company, Refinery 29, the Washington Post and Cosmopolitan. Last year, we raised and we're awarded approximately $750,000 to build out the platform.
I trained myself in a free time about VR, how it work, to i'm very keen to learn more about it with Experts
I get sh*t done! My superpowers are Execution, Communication and Empathy: as a Product Manager and sports gal I love working with teams to break down big problems, utilize everyones' skills and experience and deliver the right product quickly.
My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because I am a dynamic thinker who can push my teammates to new heights. I’ve also done insight research and can help the team tease out major themes that might be presented during the prototyping phase. Before attending business school I was surrounded by entrepreneurial minded individuals who were working on things from using the blockchain to send money to creating a better way for trainers to work with their customers. Now as I step through my program I am polishing my business acumen to better quantify the unquantifiable. I would also bring a creative mindset to my group with my years of photography experience and ability to see things in a different way. 
I am currently taking an embedded systems (internet of things) course, which will equip me with some valuable skills in developing a product that is related to the up and coming technology. I look forward to bring a computer science background to the team to help create a product that is very accessible and relevant in today's world.
"I bring both a maker spirit and a cultural researcher's perspective.
1) For the past four years, I have been growing as a maker. Originally, I have been self-taught using Youtube and Instructables. However, over time I found I was limited by my own tools, equipment, and space (or lack thereof). After arriving at MIT, the first class I signed up for was ""How to make (almost) Anything"" where I was learned to use the spectrum of digital fabrication tools from laser cutting to water jetting to CNC routers. The following semester I focused on handheld fabrication and prototyping at MIT's DLab: Design which focuses on using tools that are accessible in the 3rd world to innovate to solutions. This will help me contribute during the makethon!

2) I am a trained anthropologist with 5 years of experience of translating ethnographic research into actionable consumer insights. I have conducted consumer ethnography, in-depth interviews, and FGDs for clients' product innovation."
I can apply my business skills as an MBA student. I am also knowledgeable about machine learning and blockchain. I am currently taking a survey course on cryptocurrencies and blockchain. I can contribute to the project by synthesizing the ideas of my teammate and driving the agenda forward while keeping in mind our goals and constraints. 
"In realizing the importance of design research to my work as a visual communicator, I have begun to understand how my past experiences have ultimately led me to my current role as a designer. 

I have a background in the liberal arts, so I am constantly excited to learn more about things around me (and will most likely find a way to connect what I learn back to design). I am a strong communicator in both verbal and written language due to a writing-intensive high school and college curriculum, so I always appreciate any opportunity to communicate a message, especially through visual language. As a former French student, I'm even more interested in how we can communicate in different cultures. Often, visual language is universal. 

As a visual design student at a socially conscious school, I'm passionate about applying my skills in a larger context and welcome any opportunity to ground my work in real world need and impact. "
I am a quick learner and a team player, who likes to explore unconventional ideas with others. I have enjoyed working on projects that require prototyping and learning new skills in a very short period of time. I also have some rudimentary knowledge of computer languages.
I have a strong expertise in business, finance and strategy. I worked in both investment banking and consulting before, so I would be able to bring the business perspective in my team
"My background is interactive design, currently a master student in ITP, NYU. This makeathon has strong connection with what I'm learing and exploring in school.
I was a product designer in a game developping company called Funplus before I came here for my second Master degree. My first was Master of software engineering.(Peking University,China)
I've built multiple skills and good sense of the combination of design technology. I worked as an UX researcher in Audi AG, as a innovation tech designer in Microsoft Asia, as a product manager in Tencent.
As a UX designer, I'm familier with design research process and prototyping. I'm not the best visual designer, but I can handle UI design and video/animation demo. As a PM, I'm good at team work and help the team achieve the best outcome within a limited time. As an ITP student, I've built up basic coding skills and comfortable with starting working with new tech anytime. As an international student, I can bring different perspetives. "
I work in emerging technologies daily. I'm fluent in the latest happenings in AI/Machine Learning, FinTech, Civic Tech, VR/AR. My clients enjoy working with me because I prioritize making complex ideas visual and understandable. I am designer that can wear an engineers hat.
As a program designer with a background in sociology and a deep understanding of the VR landscape, I would add an interesting perspective to the mix. My background is a blend of creative and business, which could be useful for this type of format. 
"I have extensive experience designing and building organizations and businesses across fields (non-profit, media/entertainment, tech) and stages (start-up, scale-up, mature).

Deep love and understanding/familiarity  of emerging tech (potential and current limitations)

Experience working with interdisciplinary teams to GSD."
I have experience working in Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, and Machine Learning and am interested in putting them all together to work with a team to make something really meaningful. 
I hope that my background in business, technology and policy can make me a valuable contributor to my team's final output. 
Design school has given me the opportunity to learn to think about design in so many different ways. Whether it is approaching design through a hands-on, making-centered environment or a more analytical (nerding-out) setting. These skills are all valuable to the makeathon because it is a setting where the thinking side and the making side of the design can come together to create something badass. 
I can produce demos really quickly using after effects, I can build physical objects, I'm great at pushing forward and time managing.
My background and skill-set is relevant to this makeathon because I have had great exposure to a variety of design related fields. Such exposure has equipped me with a strong ability to communicate with those from across design-related spaces, and I know, especially at a makeathon, effective and fluid communication is essential. In the fast paced context of the makeathon, I know I could use my experiences in architecture, fabrication and computer science to fuel conversations and build contributions, and I really hope I have the opportunity to do so!
"I am currently a senior in the School of Architecture and Allied Arts at the University of Oregon, majoring in Product Design and minoring in Business Administration. My program emphasizes dually team and independent creative projects, as well as innovative design. 
I have studied user experience, augmented design, sustainability, material and manufacturing impact, design process, computer–assisted design and production, graphic design and interior architecture. Also, I am experienced in the use of various design and presentation programs including Adobe CS, Rhino, Autodesk Fusion 360, Keyshot, and the Microsoft suite. I often utilize these skills in my studio courses."
My background of design research trains me to both probe into issues from theoretical and anthropological perspectives, and solve spatial problems through detailed and pragmatic design. I desire to make contributions and provide new perspectives for the team.
"- My ""hard skills"" are around project & process management. I've applied it to many fascinating environments (like curbing the Ebola crisis in West Africa, or ship logistics in anti-piracy operations in the Indian Ocean) and so I've come to think it may be less boring than it sounds!
- My diverse experiences may add fuel to the team's creative fire? I studied philosophy, business and public administration. I worked in the French Navy & at McKinsey. I lived in France, the US, Egypt, Argentina & Mexico. I worked in those countries & in Morocco, Senegal, South Africa, Djibouti, DRC, Mauritania. 
- My two main skills as my teams at McKinsey put it were ""making complicated things simple"" and ""being a great team member and developing my peers"". I'm actually quite passionate about these 2 points. I value making things concrete and simple. I value learning from each other in a team. Being pragmatic and a good team member will be helpful."
I have a strong background in Sustainable design and life cycle thinking. I currently am interning for a program that focuses on sustainable design and outreach for students to learn more. Within a design team I can help make sure the idea we have not only is functioning and good. But has eco friendly factors in mind, to help our environment. 
"…because of my detail-oriented work ethic. Rarely do I abandon a project; I problem solve until I feel confident in my creation. When creating, I visualize a final product and break down the steps necessary to reach its realization. I am constantly making things – whether it is a painting or an architectural structure on Rhino.  A few years ago, for a costume design contest, I sketched a dress design and set specific steps, making the product look exactly as I envisioned it (ManneqART Nightmare Graphics Award).
When working in groups, I am able to compromise and fuse ideas together to create an inclusive, finished piece.  Especially in design settings, each individual’s background and experience cultivates creative innovation. 
Majoring in engineering psychology, I understand the utter necessity of human-centered design. In my product design class, I am working to redesign Boston’s metro system, focusing on improving the passenger experience by mitigating overcrowding issues. 
"
I have worked in customer service so I have experience thinking about the user's needs first. I have also taken classes in computer science, am can code in Javascript, C++, C, and HTML/CSS. I am currently a member of Stanford's social entrepreneurship student group, specifically in their start-up incubator, so I love collaborating with others and believing (knowing) that the impossible is possible.
I worked for an IoT company previously and right now I am working on a project to apply AI to improve processes in the Stanford Lucile Packard Children's hospital.
I prides myself on being a professional amateur, and I dabble in many fields. In his design practice I like to supplement my more serous work with playful and humorous projects. My recent endeavors include a mobile maker space rickshaw in Mumbia, clean cookstoves for south India, and adaptive pediatric prosthetic devices, as well as playful public furniture, a remote control shark fin and a toilet-top garden. Currently I am living in Cambridge and working as an instructor in the MIT Hobby Shop.
I like to make things, and have a reasonable understanding about manufacturing and production. I am studying product design, but have had a long-standing interest in technology, particularly the way that people interact with tech and how it shapes the global socio-economic fabric. I know a little bit about electrical engineering, and spend most of my time thinking about the challenges that technology both solves and creates around us. I studied footwear design, and through that learned a lot about ergonomics which I hope to one day apply to designing prosthetic appendages. 
I teach a maker class and have a tremendous amount of experience in failure leading to success.
I anticipate this makeathon to be a short but intense multi-media conversation between excited optimists. Through my multidisciplinary design background spanning collaborative architectural practices, game design, digital humanitarianism and further, I have developed skills to analyze problems, iterate rapidly and clearly communicate results. My extensive fluency in design software, including Creative Suite, Rhino, Grasshopper and 3DS Max, enables me to quickly model and present ideas. Through my professional and academic projects, as well as a TAship at the Harvard GSD Fab Lab, I have also built the experience with digital fabrication technologies necessary to physically prototype designs. My working knowledge in quantitative analysis and programming allow me to support teammates in those areas. Finally, I’m taking a class about sensors this semester and, while I don’t expect to be an expert by March, I do expect to at least understand the design constraints they impose by then.
I can code decently well in C, C++ and Java.  I can prototype really rapidly using Arduinos for hardware based projects.  I wouldn't recommend it in the interest of time, but I can also program FPGAs for any hardware projects that an Arduino wouldn't have the computational power for.  I'm rather good at drawing and use digital art forms and traditional.  I'm also really good at photoshop and illustrator. 
I come from a background of visual arts, design and technology. Being able to think creatively, very quickly, is relatively easy and enjoyable for me. Understanding how much of a role aesthetics and functionality play in an experience, is vital and something i'm well trained in. I am also an Afro-Latina Woman from a metropolitan area. I hold perspectives and understandings that are way too underrepresented in technological spaces - but that are crucial in bettering lives of society across ethnic and class backgrounds.
I'm a strong visual product designer able to connect problems people are having to easy-to-use solutions.
People like me, who live according to the principles of "Do-ocracy" and "Nothing is impossible" should not be prevented from growth opportunities. I am a self-learner born and raised in the rural area of Poland on an exciting journey of try-fail-try-fail-try-succed! I taught myself Python, HTML, CSS, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop and 3D printing. I believe that my skills, background, sincere excitement about learning and fearless attitude towards failing will add value to marathon team that I would potentially work with. 
"1   Hands-on experience. I've been a maker for years that whenever I have an idea, I'd love to try it out instead of keeping it an idea. I even have hands-on experience in the factory and farmland. 
2  Business acumen. Through years of practice, communication through different groups within a company like General Electric, or in non-profit organizations like Teach for China,  I've developed excellent listening skills, business insight, and acumen and these skills are important in understanding customer needs.
3  I had background designing dynamic stickers, mobile games, and making something like the architectural model, new teaching tools, etc.  I'm passionate about down-to-earth practice, and my passion will lead my way to the end. "
Being a visual designer and artist, I am incredibly passionate about creating clear and beautiful solutions to solve small and large scale problems. My skill set in Adobe Suite, background in the fine arts, as well as several professional job experiences make me a strong team player. Most of all, I am a passionate maker. Having a disability has gifted me with an awareness and understanding not everyone has. Therefore, when I make, I make with an emphatic approach. I want to understand my users and know everything about them so I can help design a possible solution to better their live. 
I've worked in situations this summer in which I used emerging technologies to build creative solutions.
 from leading a team through the social innovation process to evaluating a program's impact, I've spent 10+ years earning a living by leading and participating in projects that improve the world. 
As a digital producer/project manager with a focus on emerging tech, I am good at creative + technical brainstorming and problem solving/road-block-removing under intense time-pressure, as well as fostering cohesion and progress amongst a group of strangers with disparate backgrounds. While at Google I also led IDEO-style design thinking workshops (completed Google's CSI Brand Lab training) and can contribute skills helping to drive a team through idea cluster generation, synthesizing insights/themes, strategic vetting, rapid prototyping, then figuring out what's needed to logistically bring the vision to life longer term. As an MIT MBA student, I can also help develop and vet business viability, conduct the consumer research interviews (which I've done before and love to do),  and help shape and create the presentation/communication of our idea and work. 
I have years of experience in the transportation and mobility industry, in the private and public sector. I worked with city-wide mobility initiative, on high speed trains, automatic parking systems, and modest bus route planning. 
"they enable me to build viable, feasible, and desirable solutions. I bring academic training in and professional experience with CoLab’s core technologies and design thinking, which allows me solve complex issues via tackling the systems we operate in.

As a member of Deloitte Consulting’s Innovation team, I immersed myself in the world of using disruptive technologies. Today, I am exploring topics in Artificial Intelligence in MIT’s School of Engineering and learning to deploy such tech in the School of Management.

I also leveraged my Mathematics background to model decisions for several Fortune100 decision-makers -- developing dynamic visualizations to tell compelling stories and influencing decision-makers. Through my experience building the two products at Deloitte, I learned that deep listening, empathy, and compassion ultimately allow me to find the right problem to solve. "
Besides my machining and SolidWorks experience with the MIT Solar Electric Vehicle Team, I also have experience with using a 3D printer, laser cutter, and drill press, as well as some C++ and Java. I am interested in a minor in computer science, so I am taking Python classes this semester. Also this semester, I am doing research under Dr. Joe Davidson and Dr. Igo Krebs in the Newman Laboratory for Biomechanics and Human Rehabilitation. I am helping to characterize and prototype an electrorheological fluid brake for making home-use rehabilitative machines feasible. Through this, I will be working with 3-D printing, Arduinos, and MATLAB. I’ve taken an electrical engineering lab skills course as well as a project-based course on DIY medical technologies, and I’m taking a toy product design course this semester. I’m also participating as a part of a team in Make MIT, a hardware hackathon in February. I’m always excited to apply my skills in making and designing to new things. 
CS is undoubtedly a popular major, and its popularity has created an unsustainable culture surrounding internships, hackathons, and overcommitment. I've recently become an opponent to this kind of culture because I've witnessed first-hand the effects of narrow-thinking caused by it. So what I bring to the table is not just an array of technical skills, but also my drive to think, design, and deliberate about ideas and concepts—activities that are lacking in the CS student culture and the CS curriculum—and utilize my technical knowledge to build prototypes for concepts and test them on real users and clients. I want to be a problem-solver, not just a builder. Combining my skills as a developer, a graphic designer, and a problem solver, I hope I can be a valuable asset to my team at the makeathon.
I have worked as a systems engineer, been trained as an Electrical engineer, performed as a theater amateur and dance professional and am undergoing a program specifically aimed at evolving solutions to systemic problems through a collaborative interdisciplinary approach (in fact IDEO was instrumental in defining the pedagogy of the program!)
I come from a school with a small, scrappy Product Design program. We are constantly making our best possible work out of the resources and materials that we have. Because of this, I feel that I am particularly resourceful and quick thinking when it comes to prototyping and making. I am well versed in the design process, and I know how to effectively facilitate and participate in group design work.  Although I love working on the aesthetic and problem solving side of design, I am no stranger to more technical aspects. I have experience working in Javascript, Python, and with Raspberry Pi computers. 
I am now a second year student at Interactive Telecommunications Program of New York University. I am proficient at creative coding, interactive design and prototyping. And recently I am learning Unreal and Unity. Moreover, I had attended the MIT Reality, Virtually Hackathon which equipped me with the ability to generate feasible solution and practical prototype efficiently.
I believe in myself. I'm brave. I'm bold. I can see the close future and I can design. 
"I'm a business school student who wants to roll up his sleeves and work not just around the technology, but in the technology.

I took a risk and enrolled in a full-time web-development bootcamp before school so I could begin to learn programming. I'm still a beginner but love learning new skills and can't wait to learn more."
innovative thinkers who are skilled at working  with constraints are hard to come by. Why? because creative thinkers are supposed to "think big" while working with constraints requires fencing your ideas. From my personal immigrant background (where my family and I worked to build a new life from the ground up) to experience working for numerous organizations (i.e having to come up with new programming for an entire organization with little to no funding), I've been able to find the perfect blend of being innovative while working with rigid logistics. As far as I know, that's pretty similar to what we do when working with new technologies, and as such I think I could be really additive to the makeathon.
Im a lawyer, self trained designer and career focused in the way on which technologies enhance freedoms.
"I'm currently a Master’s student at New York University’s ITP program, studying augmented reality, autonomous robots, renewable energies, connected devices, programming Arduinos and more. I am a creative tinkerer, entrepreneur and creator at heart. I love problem solving and creating new products that help drive the world forward.

Before school, I was the Lead Mobile Product Manager at Blue Label Labs. My time at Blue Label Labs allowed me to work across design and development teams to create beautiful, high-quality products for our clients. At the same time I grew the PM team there by 125% within 1.5 years.

I was also the founder of Tech808, a media education company whose mission was to diversify the tech entrepreneurship space, which was featured in TechCrunch, Fast Company and more.

Prior to that, I was an Innovation Consultant where I consulted and coached executives at amazing companies such as Nike and MetLife. 

Please learn more about me here: jesaltrivedi.com"
Well, I'm not a software engineer. But I know my way around a computer, can use graphic design and modelling programs, and most importantly, pride myself on coming-up with new ideas, independent of my expertise. I recently came first place in MIT's IAP Tech Innovation Accelerator Program during Winter Session, and it was not a mechanical engineering problem. The topic was cyber security, and my winning pitch to the 'Shark Tank' panel was an idea on combating Fake News. I knew nothing about this topic (beyond news headlines) before the 2-week class started, but I found a new way to approach the problem, and produced a unique and feasible solution. I am trained as a thinker and a designer, and I love racking other people's brains and bringing a new perspective to a stale thought.
For my undergraduate degree, I studied communication design where I became skilled in thinking critically, creating prototypes, and designing graphics. After that, I worked as an art director for a start-up company which makes me consider highly on user-centered design for the product's user interface and user experience.   
"I can be a detective who finds the valuable questions that are needed to be answered for the greater good of our community.I can be a navigator who sets the directions of creative answers to those questions. I can be a screen writer who writes different scenarios of further influences. 
I like to see the bigger picture and connect the product with the real world. I love working with people from different backgrounds because each member’s capability catalyses the whole. I work for the team, not for the credit. 
My passion toward human cultures and behaviors equipped me to provide qualitative and quantitative analysis on social needs. My career backgrounds in consulting, business journal, venture capital, and startups have equipped me to understand the backbones of business and markets. My liberal arts education has allowed me to have diverse approaches to problems. "
I spent 10 years on a highly competitive ice skating team, serving as captain of Team USA for my last two years. I was able to bring 20 teenage girls together, from different cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds, to compete as one in extremely high-stakes circumstances. I can bring a team together to work toward a common goal, and I am an excellent communicator. I have spent the last year and a half doing stand-up and improv comedy, which has made me intimately familiar with failure, but also resilience. Lastly, my technical background as an Electrical Engineer at Stanford gives me the insight to understand the functionality of any product we produce. Essentially, I can understand the product, explain how it works to others, and make working with my team a really fun experience.  
"I start design career as a industrial designer, which makes me into the design thinker: systematic design research practices, digging requirement in the role of user, transfer insight into challenge, solving problem in the whole view of human-product-environment circle instead of focus only product chain.
 Then I worked as a user experience designer and advertising designer. I have the strong ability to design user flowchart, product hierarchy structure, prototype, etc and also proficient in virtual design and motion design.
And, now I am a student at ITP, everyday date with emerging technology, VR, mixed reality and also creative coding, Javascript, HTML, etc."
"They give me the confidence to tackle big problems. My background in startups and my skills prototyping, programming, and visual designing will allow me to contribute meaningfully.
I was one of the first members of a startup using virtual reality in classrooms. I learned from mistakes. Our ideas started too narrow and we expanded our team too soon. I learned to not fear tackling a big dream with a small team.
Last year, I was required to develop solutions to different problems each week. I can create disposable prototypes to rapidly iterate on feedback.
Because I am familiar with many types of programming, from web and app development to database management, I can estimate what can be done in our timeframe. 
My visual design skills help me effectively share ideas. I can make great visual diagrams to illustrate user experience or pain points.
Finally, I enjoy collaborating with a variety of people and am proud to be able to encourage open discussion and judgment-free ideation."
I love problem-solving and finding ways to integrate meaningful, purposeful design. With my unique education at the Rhode Island of Design and Brown University, I have had the experience of working with different forms of fabrication (tradition + rapid prototyping), working with different materials, working with different people, conducting and analysing social research, and experience working on projects centered in using technology in an impactful way (computer science, ui/ux/steam).
"My background in design + tech for social good motivates me to build products with emerging technologies that contribute towards maximizing universal well-being. 

My skills allow me to connect the dots between human needs, business objectives, and the exploration of emerging technologies.  And my love for collaboration always makes for more fruitful and lively discussions."
"All along my professional experience, I have showed that I am a dynamic fast learner, a receptive team player with a multilingual capacity, having the ability to prioritize and lead tasks under tight deadlines.
"
During my college years, I have worked both individually and with teams to strategically develop and scale three social enterprises nationwide.  I have built excellent verbal, written, and multimedia communication skills in both English and Spanish. Last summer, as a business development analyst for a London-based Blockchain startup focused on the global art market, I discovered on a global stage how the technology has developed, where it is being implemented, and what are the unanswered questions swirling around it. 
I'm not particularly an expert in one specific area but bring experience and knowledge in a variety of fields. I've been an artist (I use artist loosely) since I was young and am particularly adept at visualizing and realizing both simple and complex design. I also have brief experience with CAD but am comfortable enough to use it if necessary. My biggest asset is my ability to relate to people. I've been a captain on every team I've been on and I thrive in team environments. 
I've taught design thinking to students and I have spent a lot of time challenging assumptions and pushing creativity outside of boundaries.  I'm also very good at keeping things simple and executable.  I think this will be useful in a makeathon and going through many iterations of a prototype quickly.  I work well in teams, and have a history of driving executable solutions.
My background in bioengineering makes me very familiar with the process of going into a previously underexplored area and getting a quick lay of the land. I'm good at quickly identifying the fulcrum of a project or idea, and I'm excited by ideas with a high ratio of impact to effort required.
I have spent my whole professional life sitting at the intersection of technology and business. While my background is in engineering and IT, I’m not someone who is excited by technology for the sake of technology alone; I’m excited by the possibilities afforded to people whose lives stand to be altered and, if designed and implemented well, improved by technology. As someone with a background in business and technology and a passion for people and impact, I’m able to bring a combination of analysis and empathy that will enhance my team’s ability to create something meaningful. 
I am both a designer and an engineer. I’ve studied architecture and 3D art at the Maryland Institute College of Art for a summer and I’m currently studying mechanical engineering and architectural design at MIT, so I have a lot of respect for people in different fields and I know how to communicate ideas between designers and engineers. 
I have a very diverse skillset and interests. I am both a visual person with my pursuit of a design career but also remain very passionate about the business side of things. I think it's the collaboration of these two fields, along with the integration of technology that really excites me. Synthesizing both my design and business knowledge has allowed me to take a unique approach to problem solving. I've had a lot of experience with diverse topics through my work on MindSumo, which is primarily a think tank for companies to get new ideas via college students. My work there has forced me to think outside the box and come up with innovative solutions that may not even be possible today, but have the potential to happen. I work well in teams, and have the abilitiy to both take on a leadership role as well as more of an assisting one. I'm versed in multiple design softwares whether it be 3D or UX and overall think I bring a lot to the table for the intersection of these 3 categories. 
Having worked most of my professional life across direct-2-consumer marketing and the customer-science industry, I believe that I am aligned with both IDEO’s Human Centered design approach, an ethos that will serve me well amongst my project team. Similarly, I, like IDEOers I have spoken with, have tremendous passion for my work, enjoy working in diverse teams and am an creative forward-thinker - I believe that the CoLab Makeathon experience will allow me play to my strengths in relationship building, strategic and innovative thinking, and leadership, to bring a project team together to be successful with our efforts. Furthermore, my experiences leading a successful 20+ person hackathon whist living and working abroad several years back, will serve me well ahead of the CoLab Makeathon. 
"I have a wide range of skills, such as: graphic design, front-end design, prototyping, woodworking, video editing and so on. 
As a designer, I consider not only design but also the overall user experience."
I love brainstorming and coming up with ideas and exploring my creativity in a team of programmers and engineers.  While I am an Economics major, I will be able to contribute to the team by assessing whether a business model is viable, estimating the costs and benefits of products and services, and listening to others while providing my own input into the team.  
I bring: TECHNICAL awareness (started out coding for biotech in New Haven) + UX obsessiveness (wireframing and storytelling i do for fun) + deep PRODUCT experience (what ive been primarily doing the last 10 years) + STARTUP approach (lean, agile, collaborative, iterative, pivot/move on). 
I really open to learning about others ideas and love to create. It's also super interesting to me to learn how others create. I'm an optimistic asset to any team and have dealt with the extreme pressure of these sorts of events many times.
The biggest misconception around technological innovation is that you only need tech experts to drive solutions. As a general athlete, I possess a diverse background of unique skills that can be leveraged in developing a strong, multidisciplinary team. I not only have knowledge and experience working in technology, but I have a background in behavioral psychology and I am currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Management. As a candidate who possesses great diversity, I’m uniquely positioned to be that person who uncovers the blind spots and discover opportunities that organizations go to the CoLab for. I’m also extremely curious and introspective. I’m a natural data digger. In my spare time, I’m always reading, researching and learning about new things; and thinking about how those things apply to my life or the world around me. If you want to make something, you need someone like me who can translate real needs into technology and vice versa, by testing technology against real needs
The biggest misconception around technological innovation is that you only need tech experts to drive solutions. As a general athlete, I possess a diverse background of unique skills that can be leveraged in developing a strong, multidisciplinary team. I not only have knowledge and experience working in technology, but I have a background in behavioral psychology and I am currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Management. As a candidate who possesses great diversity, I’m uniquely positioned to be that person who uncovers the blind spots and discover opportunities that organizations go to the CoLab for. I’m also extremely curious and introspective. I’m a natural data digger. In my spare time, I’m always reading, researching and learning about new things; and thinking about how those things apply to my life or the world around me. If you want to make something, you need someone like me who can translate real needs into technology and vice versa, by testing technology against real needs
"At RISD and prior to it in my military service, I have been developing a strong range of skills in visual and interaction designs, product thinking, research and collaborate work. For the past three years, I have applied my studio experience to professional summer jobs and responsibilities with the ZORE, GefenTeam and IDF. All of these opportunities enhanced my skills and gave me further insight into the day-to-day working in start-ups and companies.
"
I was trained to be a mechanical engineer and was not able to do justice to my craving to be creative and help people lead better lives. I then became a User Experience designer and after a few years of working on mobile and web products have developed a deeper interest in systems thinking and designing for long term adaptive change.
Every crew needs a graphic designer. And every crew definitely needs a graphic designer who also has experience in architecture, coding, politics, design thinking, and business management. 
"I like talking with humans and computers to create art, narratives and to design for the future. Creative lateral thinking is my asset. I am not afraid to link the oppositional, mix tools, media and cultures to question, improve and invent systems & processes. My work takes place where the analog meets the digital, man meets machine and information becomes tangible. My portfolio includes product and UX as well as interactive experiences, video, sound and a variety of computational art projects. Lately I explore new ways of storytelling such as VR documentary & 360 video. My hands-on skills range from design and graphic, audiovisual media production and projection mapping to electronics and sensors; from physical fabrication to crafting virtual worlds.

I am a Fulbright scholar, graduated from NYU’s Interactive Telecommunication Program. Having studied Industrial Design before I gained multiple perspectives on technologies & design thinking to create human centered design solutions."
Every crew needs a graphic designer. And every crew needs a graphic designer who also has experience in architecture, coding, industrial design, design thinking, theatre, and politics.
Because I can look at devices and think, "why will people pay for this? How do I get people to pay for it? What business models will be necessary to sustain the creation of such items?" I take the long term view of such things.
Majoring in a field of design and a field of art simultaneously, I have learned to maneuver a wide variety of interests, projects and skills. I have also gained the ability to make sense of thoughts, conclusions and solutions while remaining cognizant of the so-called “grand scheme of things.” I feel confident about my problem solving and organizational skills in addition to my conceptualization and model making skills. I also find that I naturally gravitate to the role of project leader, whether working with people of my own age or graduate students. 
I have a user centered mindset and a strategic way of working. I'm usually good at getting the team going forward - especially if we get stuck and to have a holistic perspective.
"Having a background in creating digital products, my strengths are in UI/UX for conceptual projects. 

I'm currently a senior designer at an agency in Atlanta. Our focus is corporate innovators & startups that want to work in a lean agile process. I've helped numerous projects obtain funding, grow their user base, and improve the visual aesthetic to meet their goals. 

I also have a thing for hackathons. They hold a special place in my heart, right next to a warm bowl of mac n' cheese."
I have a traditional industrial design background from my education at RISD, and am well versed in design thinking and research. My work experience has shaped my skills in User Experience and User Interface design. My work reflects my interest in the intersection between design, tech, and business. I have cultivated my knowledge in business and entrepreneurship from collaborating with Brown University students and becoming a campus leader in RISD's entrepreneurship club.
"Over the years, I've developed skills in CAD (Solidworks, Revit, Inventor), web design (HTML/CSS), graphic design (Photoshop, Illustrator), ideation,  and more, but my real value stems from something much earlier:

I’m a “tinker type” - a girl that grew up fiddling with her grandma’s sewing machine, taking apart her mom's clothes and her brother's toys, and messing with her dad’s garage tools. In the era of tech, the value of tangible ""things"" gets lost on us all until we actually hold, use, and feel the physical reflections of our ideas. ""Making"" - in the traditional sense - is not lost on me. 

My parents were both Vietnamese refugees, and I use that perspective - of adaptation - in my projects and life. I hope to inspire my team to design with accessibility in mind;  the biggest challenge we face with these projects is designing them into not just our lives, but for people like parents, too. Tech should be innovative, inspiring, but above all, accessible. 
"
5 years of experience in Product Management. Business (BA) + Technical (MS) + Design (CIID) background to facilitate end to end process. I have led many brainstorming sections with design thinking process from idea to concept, and collaborated the team to build products from ground zero. Through my work in Appier, an AI-based online advertising company, I had a chance to deal with a hung amount of data. Moreover, I have developed my user experience skills in Corel since we dealt with a lot of interface in media software. Besides product development, I worked closely with clients and partners to make a complete ecosystem. 
My first experience in making with AR/VR technology took place in a class on Design Thinking at Yale’s Engineering School. I worked with a small team to build Deskfruit, an augmented reality object that brings joy and play to desk jobs. In working on Deskfruit, I developed the skills to build rudimentary AR/VR apps using Unity and brought my skills in visual design to bear with physical and digital prototyping.  I’ve also faced the challenges of launching a real AR product in the marketplace. As a visual designer with some technical background, I think I’d be a positive contributor to the makeathon. 
My background is in graphic design, specifically branding and experiential design. Experiential design is more about how a user engages with something beyond the screen. I have experience with web development (html and css) and with prototyping. I am comfortable working on and leading teams and am committed to finding a way to make things happen.
I am skilled at translating ideas into drawings and objects and using them to communicate. I am confident with ideation, sketching and model making, and I think I would be a useful asset to a team!
... I can make things out of nothing. All experiences I've had building things, up until recently, have not been with advanced and precise tools. It's been with paper, left over wood, and the like. It has taught me to use materials and technologies beyond their intended purpose and published limits. Makeathons often provide a sensory overload of materials and technologies for which to use. Being able to stick to something simple, and get the best out of it, more than someone else, is a key skill that I hope to apply at CoLab. 
I have the perfect blend of experience in computer science, design thinking, and research. My greatest superpower is the ability to use systems thinking in a collaborative setting. I can help teams see the big picture and how all the different pieces connect when they are in the middle of a really complicated problem. Another superpower I have is the ability to conduct research on any topic and use insights to create new experiences.
I am a designer who is familiar with technologies. I know how to integrate design with technology and the process to make things happen. 
I would be an asset to this makeathon for three reasons. One, as a graphic designer with a interest in the environment, I bring a wide range of skills to the table. Second, my last job was working on the community engagement aspect of a Park Planning project in San Francisco (the New Presidio Parklands Project). There, I learned the importance of user testing and feedback, and how essential empathy is when designing for people. Third, throughout all my work, I am positive, organized, open-minded, and am always energized by collaboration!
I’ve worked as a Software Engineer for two years, where I led the development and user experience process improvement of two major award winning applications of Bank Of New York Mellon; As a certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt, I have also worked for 3 years as a Strategy and Operations Manager for a leading carpet manufacturer in India where I have trained several teams and spearheaded several projects to streamline processes by using Kaizen activities and Time/Motion studies. During my tenure, I could successfully contribute to cutting cost by over $200,000 annually for the company. This has given me valuable knowledge which I could bring to Idea CoLab
I have experience working with small businesses and I have formulated a number of ways to innovate them to increase efficiency. As a team member, I've helped design and market several successful products for design classes and for the crowd funding website Kickstarter. I believe my experience as a innovator and digital marketer will be beneficial to the design teams at the Makeathon.
My concentration in engineering sciences has exposed me to many technical aspects of engineering. Many of my engineering and computer science courses have had final projects that require me to work through a design process to a final project. Additionally, my pursuit of a secondary in VES (studio art), visual arts background and my independent dress projects have encouraged my creativity. My dresses are all made from upcycled materials--anything from cardboard to circuit boards--and each new material requires novel approaches and testing phases. My combination of quantitative and creative skills will allow me to generate adventurous solutions to problems.
"I like building products focusing not only on the technology or design BUT also how people would interact with it.
"
because I am no one but excited fellow. I know nothing now but is way more enthusiastic to learn everything.  
"I actually manage one of the most profitable crypto-currency  trading funds in the world. My experience in the space, and my knowledge of the blockchain world allows me to accurately and quickly validate blockchain-based ideas.  To this end, I've performed consulting for crypto-based startups and can safely say that I'm confident in transferring my knowledge to my team in the makeathon.

Besides being an entrepreneurial fund manager, I'm a programmer -- I enjoy implementing algorithms (especially trading-related) to projects. I believe I'd be a valuable asset to any team, and love working with others to get things done."
I have been exposed to business and industry dynamics that have equipped me with knowledge about the markets were they opperated.  Also, my experience in the public sector has provided me with an understanding of the potential regulatory and policy environments that a company will need to navigate in order to foster its venture.  This knowledge and my analytical skills will allow me to contribute in the design of feasible business models for the technological solutions that we envision and develop together.
I am comfortable using software like Adobe Suite, Rhinoceros, and model making techniques like 3D Printing. I had working experience in architecture, sculpture and urban design. 
My academic background in International Development (Economics and Statistics) has provided me with a solid foundation in analytical thinking and quantitative analysis skills. I was also got to explore social entrepreneurship and design thinking during my study at HKS. Meanwhile, my past work experience as program assistant and strategic development director has equipped me with valuable skills and knowledge in business design, team coordination and project management. For these reasons, I believe I would make a valuable addition to the teams in makeathon.
My academic background in International Development (Economics and Statistics) has provided me with a solid foundation in analytical thinking and quantitative analysis skills. I was also got to explore social entrepreneurship and design thinking during my study at HKS. Meanwhile, my past work experience as program assistant and strategic development director has equipped me with valuable skills and knowledge in business design, team coordination and project management. For these reasons, I believe I would make a valuable addition to the teams in makeathon.
"I'm passionate and curious about anything. 
I'm a dreamer.
In 2013 I participated in a hackathon in Stuttgart  and won a price for best design concept that led me in charge of a startup project. 
I thought this could also be a chance worth taking."
My background in Engineering and my passion for art/design/animation has led me to pursue my M.S in Engineering Design Innovation where I am constantly learning to understand users, rapidly prototype, iterate, and implement a solution. I have also been a part of a 24-hour medical design challenge and done sprints to go through the entirety of the design process with people outside of the discipline in a rapid manner. I am also able to quickly communicate my ideas in a visual manner whether its low-fidelity sketches or high-fidelity images and animations through Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Premiere, and Maya. 
My skills provide undoubted insight into a concentrated process. The idea of Design Thinking is the focus of my program, and I have taken that to heart. In efforts to become better designers, we are tasked with approaching our work through a variety of methods, from co-design, to Hassenzahl. Continually, with my background in Multimedia, I have skills in presentation development and media use that can be used expressively in this Makeathon
As somebody who's started a number of small business and made a career as a consultant, I can bring passion, open-mindeness, and creativity to the table. I am able to lead, follow, quickly assess the best role I can perform in a group (from pace keeping to devil's advocate) and adjust, contributing to the work to the best of my abilities,  to what it specifically requires.
I have founded a non profit (www.theartdepartment.me) and worked with designers with disabilities to empower them to create using new technologies. This experience stands out as one of the most impactful experiences in my life. Working with a population that is so often overlooked, and recognizing the incredible depth of awareness and courage that comes with being seen and appreciated, I have been trained to lead gently and persist beyond what I believe is possible. I recognize the importance of hearing all voices and taking all perspectives into consideration. The loudest voice is not always what is needed! What happens if the answer to 'a' plus 'b' is cotton candy? We will only find out if we break out of the usual mindset and get a little crazy. I understand the value of taking risks, and have experienced both the motivation that comes with success, and the motivation that comes with failure. 
"I believe that I am a strong candidate for the CoLab Makeathon because of my internship experience in an R&D environment, active engagement in the design community at Berkeley, as well as my rigorous academic training.

I have worked as a UX Summer Staff at Google ATAP (Advanced Technologies and Projects), where I designed user interactions for products that integrate the digital into physical hardware. At school, I am a UI/UX Designer for Berkeley Innovation (a student-run design consultancy), where I have gained hands-on experience with the entire design process, from conducting user research to idea generation to prototyping and testing for clients including Quora, Indiegogo, and Berkeley Student Information Systems.

I believe that my education at Berkeley in Computer Science and Art Practice has also prepared me well for this makeathon. I have built websites, a version control system, and games, and I am seeking opportunities to use my programming skills for design."
With a Bachelor of Architecture from Cornell and a Master of Architecture in Urban Design (which I am currently pursuing at the Harvard GSD), I have a strong background in creating innovative design solutions at multiple scales - from the scale of an object to the scale of the city. I have extensive research experience in analyzing networks related to infrastructures such as energy, food, recycling and rail transit. I have also worked closely in teams before on research and design-related projects and enjoy the innovative outcomes of intense collaboration. I believe my strong design and analytical skills would be an asset to the collaborative process and greatly hope to be considered for the makeathon this March.
"I see the world from a consumer lens.  What do people want?  That's a question that I never stop asking.  

I want to be involved in this space because I see it at the forefront of consumer technology - at the forefront of giving consumers new abilities.

Over the past decade, I've been extremely fortunate to be a part of different schools, programs, and projects that have given me a glimpse into the incredible power that technology has to change our world.

In graduate school, I've sought to build out skills that will help me better understand product (engineering) and market (business).  This is what I want to do, and I surround myself with learning on this topic.

So, yes, there are a few technical skills and a few business skills.  But more than anything, I think that its an enduring interest that will keep learning that I hope makes me a good fit for what I have no doubt will be a fantastic day and summer fellowship."
"While working in multi-cultural teams I have learned how to innovate for the consumer and at the same time being conscious that is a business.
"
"1) I am a creative technologist and my skill includes programming, physical computing, and digital fabrication. I can prototype ideas quickly with my technological skills. 
2) I have a strong background in user experience research/design from working in professional and academic settings as a UX professional. I approach problems with a keen UX and communication sensibility so I can work well with designers and directors. "
"1) I am a creative technologist and my skill includes programming, physical computing, and digital fabrication. I can prototype ideas quickly with my technological skills. 
2) I have a strong background in user experience research/design from working in professional and academic settings as a UX professional. I approach problems with a keen UX and communication sensibility so I can work well with designers and directors. "
I am an innovator and a creator at heart. All my adult life I’ve spent trying to observe human behavior and create innovations that could improve human life. Most of them have started from the sketch of an idea to pointers on a post it notes to a prototype as simple as a cardboard box to a 3-D printed mechanism. As such am well aware of the prototyping and design thinking process. Socially, I love to work in groups, brainstorming together brings a different side of camaraderie and am really good in bringing together different stakeholders opinions together. My friends call me “Mr. Innovator”, and I don’t mind keeping that tag.  Secondly, as an engineer I have spent 8+ years in the energy industry where I came to realize how dated some of the innovations in the energy sector are. As part of this, I have been working on several small ideas that might improve energy efficiency and most of them are in the prototyping phase being tested in labs.
Despite my background in strategy, I like to believe that I have been ‘making’ for a long time. Growing up, every season, my father and I deliberated on what crops to plant at our farm in Pindigheb, Pakistan to optimize land use and yield. I enjoyed the idea of ‘making’ my own food. Where my father brought his technical knowledge of agriculture, I contributed by asking the hard questions early, ensuring that we were focusing on our customers, and thinking through how to take our products to market. That is how I view my role on an IDEO makeathon team. I view myself as a business designer – I have a passion for creating viable products and very much enjoy the ambiguity that comes with it. I also take pride in knowing what I do not know and in demonstrating a genuine intellectual curiosity about the world around me.
I have a architecture design background, as well as architectural engineering masters. I have a notion of both sides and easily understand both side in terms of communication and interaction for collaborative projects. Also, design thinking and coding skill I have will be the great asset for this makeaton.  
As a UX designer, the user-centered design process is my lifeblood. I have had experience across the spectrum of user research: conducting stakeholder interviews, exploring ethnographic research, mapping consumer journeys and leveraging data insights. Using research to inform my designs, I have crafted mockups for software applications as well as developing proposals for improvements in accessibility and frameworks for educational technology. Ultimately, my goal is to provide meaningful, thoughtful solutions that are grounded in empathy for the end-user, especially the folks that are most often neglected by the mainstream market because they do not fit into a standard of “average” or “normal.” 
 I'm a highly creative person that likes to find solutions that  are efficient, practical and inclusive to human sensibilities. I'm familiar with technology and programming languages( C++, unix, some HTLM) . I understand the importance of collaboration and cooperation  to make this world a better place.  
With a liberal arts education, I bring interdisciplinary skills in research, marketing, visual design, and strategy, with experience across the technology, non-profit, and financial services sectors. My mission is to transform organizations to be more design-driven. By day, I lead the design team and design direction of software products at a startup in Washington, DC that reinvents how organizations analyze government risk with artificial intelligence. By night, I lead the design of a storytelling app to prevent teen pregnancy for a startup nonprofit in North Carolina whose founders were trained by IDEO. My background before included research, communications, and strategy roles at a research institute in Siem Reap, a bank in Shanghai, a microfinance nonprofit in New York City, an IT company in Bangalore, and a VC fund in Beijing and I've spoken on human centered design and behavioral design at conferences from Killarney, Ireland to San Francisco.
I have a lot of experience programming and I also have unique communication skills from my past experiences.  I've worked on various teams trying to achieve a wide variety of goals and from those experiences I've learned how to work with other people effectively and how to reach a consensus with a group.  I'm also technically very adept and I'm always looking to learn about new programming developments.
as a collaborative leader, I will be able to help attendees from different backgrounds work together to bring really great ideas to life. My background as an underrepresented minority will also help makeathon attendees consider how the products and ideas created can be applied to a audience that they may not have thought about before.
"Most recently, I've supported Ryerson's Digital Media Lab (university teaching digital fab student-and faculty-facing lab/makerspace)'s operations through developing learning solutions (such as the online course on Arduino for non-tech learners). I love working around new media, and watching as the next generation begins to apply these tools to their diverse project needs. 

I belong at the IDEO CoLab Makeathon because I bring a unique and relevant skill set to the table. I bring UX, IxD, and other perspectives to the way in which I approach crafting learning experiences, whether delivered online or in-person. I'm also an illustrator, work heavily in Adobe Creative products, and am familiar with coding in HTML/CSS/JavaScript/Ruby. All-in-all, I'm intensely creative but also intensely driven and organized in my approach. My training and past work and research experiences have grown me into a strong communicator, who is heavily prepared for collaborative experiences."
"I am a master candidate at New York University(NYU), and hold a B.A. and M.A. in journalism. While pursuing my studies, I learned the research method of cultural studies, studied art history and became fascinated by how they could provide different perspectives for looking at events, situations, and humanity. 
After graduating, I worked as a journalist for three years, during which time I authored numerous well-received narrative-based articles. The experiences enhanced my interview and research abilities in a well-rounded way. At NYU, I’ve found myself especially fascinated by the possibilities of VR, AR and MR, whose immersive nature has yet to be fully explored. Thus I learned skills such as C#, Unity, Vuforia, photogrammetry, 360 video production, and made further exploration in interactive narrative logic. I believe my academic background and the engaging technology training would contribute to the projects in the IDEO CoLab makeathon.

"
One of the biggest lessons that I learned from working at Facebook and Instagram was just how important it is to understand the people who use our platform. At the scale of a billion users, that becomes increasingly difficult, but also increasingly important. I witnessed first-hand how my product, Instagram Direct, was used so differently and creatively by various communities. Features that I assumed were valuable for one reason would be used in ways completely opposite what I expected. The experience of trying to think through the different messaging needs for teenagers in Brazil, or parents in New York City, or fashion bloggers in Paris, was both exhilarating and daunting. I think that my experience in working through those problems, as well as my technical expertise, would be particularly valuable to the makeathon.
Over my years of building my own projects I’ve developed a profound appreciation for the marriage of elegant design and robust functionality. I use my obsession with this idea to mold and craft each product I build or collaborate on. Though I do have a fairly scientific and analytical background that has developed my technical skills, I love learning as much as I can from my peers and mentors, be it in the form of anything from design principle to business insight. So much of my own growth as a creator as been the result of absorbing and critiquing the designs and products that surround us today and talking about them with others. Thus, I feel that I can bring a significant impact and value to this makeathon with my breadth of technical skills, appreciation of purposeful and elegant design, and most importantly a genuine love for collaborating with others.
My belief is that storytelling is at the heart of great design, and this is what I would like to share at the workshop. My design philosophy is centered on bringing empathy to design so we can have a stronger connection with one another, and with the objects and technology we interact with. When working and designing with these technologies (virtual reality, internet of things, etc.), I feel the human element is often left behind. I would like to come to the makeathon as an advocate for empathy! 
"I am a researcher. During the school year, I have worked doing research in an academic and practical way. Thus, I know how to complete research, survey, statistics, and set up for the experiment as well. 
I am designer & technician. I learned the User Experience design at Seoul National University in Korea. I participated in the Personal Health Record (PHR) UX Project. Also, I am studying Unity, MAYA and C# script for creating virtual reality content. 
I am communication manager. I have had working experience in the U.S., China and Korea. I have worked for the SK C&C, which is the third biggest IT company in South Korea, as the HR manager. I have also worked for the Shanghai EXPO in China as the VIP protocol analyst. Throughout my global career, I have gained a perspective and understanding of cultural diversity and how to communicate with the customers. 
Using all my skills and experiences makes me be a candidate with the best practices of Makeathon."
"My MBA studies, Construction Management experience, and architecture background have provided me with the skills and knowledge that can be of value and relevancy to the CoLab makeathon and also to IDEO. 
+
First, I’m currently pursuing my two-year MBA degree at Babson College. During such time, I have worked as a Graduate Assistant for Professor Sebastian Fixson, head professor of the Design Zone. I help run a design laboratory where business students can come and use the existing resources, such as 3D Printers, handheld tools, and lots of whiteboards. This space allows students to experiment with prototypes or run design thinking activities that can further develop their business ideas. As a graduate assistant, my job is to promote students to solve problems through design thinking and to teach students how to use the available resources to develop their prototypes and/or business ideas.
+
Prior to coming to Babson, I was a construction project manager - an experience I find releva"
I have a pretty solid base in electronics and CS and I'm stubborn enough to figure out anything else I need to know as I go.
"My background is in immersive storytelling within exploration-based media. Developing this skillset has required me to be trained as a sculptor and an installation artist, writing and directing feature films, producing video game trailers, and producing immersive theater. VR and AR are not media that we watch, but spaces that we explore and worlds that we are immersed within. My skillset will help my team design for exploration and affective engagement.

My background as a creative content producer has also given me a skill I call “being a creative multi-linguist.” Working with a diverse team of creatives means needing to listen, and it means meeting everyone on their own level in order to find common ground. Additionally, practicing design thinking methodologies at Stanford’s d.school has further honed these collaboration skills towards a bias toward action, thinking through prototyping, and focusing on the human aspects of design."
I apply the design process independent of medium: physical, digital, conceptual, or service. Having experience as an industrial designer and interaction designer, I can bridge between disciplines and integrate ideas into a coherent solution.
"I am an Architecture student who has also been studying cognitive science. I am aware of types of impact environments can have on human brains and have a solid understanding on how to use scientific research as basis for generating design concepts. 
I am also capable of 3d and 2d modeling in multiple softwares like rhino, illustrator, cad, etc... and know unity for spatial representation and have the basic knowledge necessary for designing responsive environments. "
"I am a designer, researcher, and communicator. 

I am designer. As the team lead for T2D: Teach to Design, a human-centered design project, I identified users’ needs and designed specifically for them. As a UX student, I have studied the 10 heuristics of web design and applied them to App design. As part of the marketing team at ArtPower, I implemented graphic design strategies to publicize upcoming performers, which allows for me to visualize the needs of users. These three design methods wholistically allow me to approach a problem with diverse ideas.

I am a researcher. Through my experience under the Heads of the Political Science and Sociology Departments, I assisted in an interdisciplinary machine-learning project focused on categorizing presidential candidate tweets from the 2016 election. Additionally, my honors thesis focuses on the relationship of technology and society. These experiences have improved my interviewing, data collection, and data analysis skills so that I can"
I am studying in the flexible MechE track at MIT with a concentration in Sustainable Design uniquely personal to my interests at the intersection of engineering, design, and social and environmental impact. My blend of mechanical, analytical, and creative skills allows me to contribute in various settings from a well-rounded perspective. My enthusiasm for collaborative brainstorming with others and team-building will help lend energy and focus to the group.
"My MBA studies, Construction Management experience, and architecture background have provided me the skills that can be of value and relevancy to the CoLab makeathon.
+
While currently pursuing my MBA, I also help run the design laboratory. My job is to promote students to solve problems through design thinking and to teach students how to use the available resources to develop their prototypes and/or business ideas. 
Prior to Babson, I was a construction project manager – a job that naturally required creativity and innovation. I once designed a system of harnesses for construction workers to be able to cut a 4’ overhang from the second story roof. 
My architectural studies also helped me approach problems through design experimentation. In one project, I proposed to make walls out of of wire mesh and ivy. I reasoned that ivy could provide cool shade during the summer heat but also allow warm sun rays to penetrate during the winter when it had died off. 

"
While I do not have technical skills, I believe I can still contribute to design in my understanding of consumer/ human behaviour in multiple contexts. I believe design is an extension of a way of thinking before anything else. I have worked in journalism, financial services, consulting, and non-profits. I have studied economics, political theory, human rights law, and public administration. I am sure I can bring my strengths to bear in the design space. Moreover, I am willing to learn new skills as well.
My first experience in making with AR/VR technology took place in a class on Design Thinking at Yale’s Engineering School. I worked with a small team to build Deskfruit, an augmented reality object that brings joy and play to desk jobs. In working on Deskfruit, I developed the skills to build rudimentary AR/VR apps using Unity and brought my skills in visual design to bear with physical and digital prototyping.  I’ve also faced the challenges of launching a real AR product in the marketplace. As a visual designer with some technical background, I think I’d be a positive contributor to the makeathon. 
Over the past few years, I’ve held a variety of different roles at both non profit and for profit organizations, including the University of Washington Dept. of Global Health, Providence Health and Services, Concur, and most recently Amazon. I’ve had various responsibilities at these organizations, and have increased my skill set with each new role. I believe what will provide the most value to the CoLab Makeathon is my ability to facilitate collaboration among a peer group. My undergraduate degree in Psychology, and the classes that I’m currently taking in user research and design have provided me a solid skill set in research and design, which I believe will also make me an asset to this makeathon!
Over the past few years, I’ve held a variety of different roles at both non profit and for profit organizations, including the University of Washington Dept. of Global Health, Providence Health and Services, Concur, and most recently Amazon. I’ve had various responsibilities at these organizations, and have increased my skill set with each new role. I believe what will provide the most value to the CoLab Makeathon is my ability to facilitate collaboration among a peer group. My undergraduate degree in Psychology, and the classes that I’m currently taking in user research and design have provided me a solid skill set in research and design, which I believe will also make me an asset to this makeathon!
I have a background in illustration and visual arts, and currently studying MFA in graphic design. I believe my art background and skills will include diversity to the technology focused design environment.
I have essentially been a maker all my life. At first designing and building infrastructures and now experiences. I work at the intersection of physical and digital realm and loving doing things that I shouldn't have been able to do!
they will complement those of other participants. My professional and academic experiences include practice in architecture, planning, landscape architecture and branding. Through these experiences, I’ve learned to perceive relationships of people to their environments at telescoping scales, from the scale of the individual and the technological device, to the scale of buildings, landscapes, and cities. Furthermore, my background includes a year of environmental design at a branding firm, where I learned to work conceptually and collaboratively with designers, strategists, and market analysts. This range of training enables me to think quickly and flexibly, and work as an individual making decision or as a member of a team contributing and supporting an idea. By participating in the IDEO Colab makeathon, I am excited to expand my perception of environments by exploring the relationships of technology to people across all scales of design. 
"I start design career as a product designer, which makes me into the design thinker: systematic design research practices, digging requirement in the role of users, transfer insights into challenge, solving problems in the whole view of ""human-product-environment"" circle.
 Then I worked as a user experience designer and advertising designer. I have the strong ability to design user flowchart, product hierarchy structure, prototype, etc and also proficient in virtual design and motion design.
And, now, I am a student at ITP, dating with emerging technology, VR, mixed reality and also creative coding, Javascript, HTML, etc. I have the experience and ability to take advantage of them."
I'm a fluid, big picture person. I'm able to zoom out to see how brand stories and client goals relate to small interactions with products and technologies. I excel at the soft skills and know when the vibe is right. Plus, I'm a great communicator and good at drawing out the talents of others- it's where being the middle child comes in handy. 
As a budding designer and technologist, I can be versatile and mold to the needs of both my project and my teammates. I have experience crafting web experiences, mobile applications, and interactive hardware, so I can bring a broad set of product platforms to the brainstorming table. My work on Mezzo has also taught me the importance of simplifying an idea to its core before getting too tangled in exciting details and unnecessary features. And as indicated by my response to the previous question, I also enjoy thinking about the flip side of products and how to prevent potential unintended consequences.
I have a strong graphic and industrial design background, and I am passionate about working on teams and creating solutions to hard problems.  In 2014 I helped Khan Academy open a pilot school in Mountain View, by working closely with their team and leading the design of the school’s interior space to compliment the school’s innovative approach to learning. In 2015 I worked at the hardware accelerator Highway1, where I iterated on enclosure design with consumer electronics startups on their internet of things products. Last summer I joined a research team at Stanford University, and helped design a modular housing system for dense urban areas. This year I’m working at Stanford’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab as a 3D modeler and production designer, working on projects to understand and foster empathy through virtual reality. I’m confident the CoLab makeathon, and I can’t wait to collaborate on something new.
I will be able to bring in the visual aspect of people’s ideas and provide different prospectives. I’m interested in the use of technology in new and upcoming products and would be driven to work hard on these projects. 
I would be a significant asset to a team because I am an interdisciplinary thinker, and enjoy synthesizing ideas from diverse fields to gain new understandings and insights- I am a Jill of All Trades. I also have great interest in collaborative learning, and am quick on my feet when working through unexpected challenges. On the practical side of things, I have skills in graphic/architectural design, film and photography, traditional crafts like knitting and spinning, technical theater, carpentry, and have dabbled in some programming. 
I have been a management consultant for 4 years and covered over 15 industries, including technology, finance, and consumer goods. My focus was in industries’ pioneering applications in next 10-15 years in BCG, including Fintech and new retailer formats. I also participated in several design-thinking workshops hosted by ex-IDEO employees. I am excited and comfortable to d-thinking processes.
At the University of Southern California, I am a Media Arts and Practice major. For our curriculum, I apply the study of contemporary digital media across multiple platforms like video, photography, coding, graphics, etc. Our courses prepare us to be designers, technologists, storytellers, activists and harness the power of digital media and technology to better the world around us. I also have a minor in the Engineering and Business school. My skillset in mobile app development and in human resource management has definitely pushed my visions forward. At my university, I am the president of Design for America—a national organization dedicated to making a social impact through innovational design. Every week, I look forward to studio meetings. In those meetings, I teach the design process and then we break into our corresponding teams. Each team targets a different social problem, such as education, political polarization, health. I am on the food security team. Even though being on a
I just started to learn computer programming tools, however I have tons of experiences in many design areas including graphic design. I believe my visual design skill will be helpful in terms of creating interactive UI. In addition, my design experience can inspire other students when we discuss and create ideas because it will give them different perspectives.
I am majoring in mechanical engineering with product design and minoring in design. From classes and previous projects, I’ve learned hands-on skills and CAD software (mainly SolidWorks and Rhino) that will be useful in rapid prototyping. In addition, I’ve learned how to design for a variety of contexts and how to work with people from vastly different backgrounds from working on projects abroad. Mostly though, I would bring an open mind and excitement because I am passionate about designing projects to empower and inspire others and know that this makeathon would be an amazing opportunity to learn and be inspired.
As a visual designer I have the ability to simplify and communicate complex ideas in a way that leaves people feeling touched, moved and inspired — utility is a nice ancillary benefit. Beyond that, my enthusiasm along with my strong communication skills, my eagerness to learn and collaborate with a multidisciplinary team and my commitment to designing powerful work that goes beyond creating beautiful pixels are all valuable and relevant to this makeathon.
I have experience with programming and website development, am comfortable grappling with mathematical and technological concepts, and am able to think critically and creatively about ideas and solutions.
"I love everything about design: how we interact with it and how we manipulate it; how we affect design and how design affects us in turn. I value the design process as a way of thinking and improving, of learning how to create for ourselves and make our own mistakes. I have sought design in publications, projects, and all the places I could find it in the familiar comforts of the Adobe Creative Suite. As I grew as a designer, my perception of design evolved as well—a vehicle for problem-solving and innovation across disciplines.
I was drawn to engineering as a concentration because I love the tangible human element embedded into bioengineering magnified in a global perspective. When we combine creativity with matters of global health, I think we can help the most people where it will be most far-reaching and consequential. Engineering is science by design; everything else falls into place after that. Design takes all the thoughts floating inside my head and makes visual sense of them."
I've had a lot of experience in design thinking from my human computer interaction classes. In addition I've been a product management intern at Jaunt VR - a VR start up. I've also had a lot of Unity/C# experience for prototyping. 
It can often be easy to get caught up in the next cool technology, but I am always a voice of people.  I've worked closely with various types of technologists (from formulators to programmers) and love helping them see the and build in the perspective of their users.  I believe this perspective is essential in building successful solutions that are both technologically advanced and desirable.
I have an eye for well designed things. I love well designed things and I feel that my background and skills as a designer can help to produce ideas and products that not only work, but look good while doing it.
Coming from a scientific background, I believe my methodical approach to solving problems will be the most valuable and relevant to this makeathon. As a PhD student, we are trained to systemically answer tough questions and research areas that have never been explored before. We are constantly looking for novel approaches and ideas to answer tough questions. Furthermore, as a synthetic biologist, I have been trained to manipulate existing systems to derive new function or improve its function. I believe that I will be able to apply these same principles to different disciplines. Also, I believe my scientific approach will be valuable when it is time to experiment with various concepts and designs. Although I may not be a software engineer, designer, or business orientated person, I believe that my systemic approach to solving difficult problems and knowing how to manipulate systems will be valuable to the team. 
"I aim to apply traditional methodologies to non-traditional mediums. 

This started with my bachelors in Biomedical Engineering - I helped create a system that modeled the ph behavior of the human body.

In the last couple years I researched the quantitative understanding the largely qualitative world of professional sports, particularly the NBA. 

Most recently, through the EDI program at Northwestern, I delivered a user-centered experience for Proctor & Gamble’s eCommerce Packaging division

With my mix of technical and human-centered experience, I believe I can leverage those technologies to make a real, user-first difference to the human condition. "
I see the future and am capable of making anything.
i can create
 My greatest asset is my theater design background, through which I learned incredibly diverse fabrication methods, and as a result I am an expert prototyper of both digital and physical products. More importantly, theater teaches storytelling not only through words, but also through experience, sensation, audio and visual cues. My background in art history, prop design and scenic fabrication means i have a rare compliment of both critical and creative visual vocabularies. I excel at storytelling through design and know how to balance creativity and intellect to create real solutions that can be implemented in the world. Specific to the Makeathon I bring a wealth of knowledge and research on artificial intelligence, smart object design and industrial IoT. I’ve recently submitted an entry to an IoT challenge, I am part of Penn’s AI Initiative and I’m currently building smart objects as part of my coursework.
"I could also contribute to the makeathon by introducing a new method for designing possible future scenarios called “Co-design Fiction”. Co-design Fiction enables rapid incrementation and tangiblization of fictional future scenarios through collaboration with several people.

I am developing this method at ID-Studiolab in TU Delft, Netherlands. Since this is a method which combines European participatory mindset in Design Fiction practice, I believe that it will contribute to making diversity within the makeathon. "
As an IoT startup entrepreneur bringing to market a unique consumer tech product, I’ve run into uncharted territories in designing the product’s UI/UX and underlying technologies. You can say that I’ve been on a trail-blazing expedition! As such, I bring to the table my successes and more importantly, my many failures in prototyping, designing, and bringing to market new tech products. I also bring to the table five years of sales and brand building experience from my previous life at P&G.
I am an engineer and come from a business background in electronics and technology. I believe I am creative and can bring some good ideas on board.
"I have experienced the creation of a new business from different perspectives. From the inside as a founder of a project, from the supportive side as a part of a Incubator and as a collaborator being part of a startup. Because of my different experiences I had came across with a variety of customer realities. I have worked with low income people and to key industries CEO's in Chile. 
I have a design background that I have apply every time we deliver a proposal or when we meet with a new customer. I believe these skills combination are a key component for a team as a bridge between creation and implementation to take the ideas to practice. "
I am the Mechanical Engineering SubTeam Lead for the MIT RoboTeam so I have practice and experience with combining creative solutions to complex technical problems.
I have a strong background in design research, the design process and interaction design, specifically with some of the technologies that may be explored during the makeathon. I also have experience with low-fidelity prototyping (wireframes, paper prototypes etc.) and building interactive mockups.
"I offer a diverse mix of education design experience, collaborative spirit, and deep knowledge of human development. Add to that my expertise in implementing complex programs with diverse groups across age, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status and geography, and I make strong team member. In addition, I have a strong background in community building and talent development evident through my successful startup and turnaround efforts in schools, nonprofits, and now EdTech.

Most recently, I've developed expertise in the use and development of online learning platforms and powerful yet user-friendly interfaces. This includes fully built learning management systems and dynamic project-based learning platforms like PeerSpring."
"Here are two illustrations of how my background in fintech is relevant. First: as part of a team, I developed a new fintech venture in Southeast Asia (it is currently confidential but will launch later this year). I worked with specialists on the initial ethnographic research, then to ideate and develop and test new value propositions. I was responsible for creating the business model for the venture. I built the financial model, designed the operating model, and a plan for engaging the regulator. A second example: I led the design and prototyping of a new digital banking platform for small businesses in Indonesia. This included observing Indonesian small business owners in their workplaces, and drawing out low-fidelity prototypes to test our ideas.  
Finally, I love embracing ambiguity and exercising my creativity. This semester, I’m taking an advanced poetry-writing workshop at Harvard with Jorie Graham in my spare time."
"My passion to improve myself and the world has led me to found an e-commerce business, work as a consultant and expand a chemicals manufacturer. This has contributed towards my style of observing and adapting to each situation, supported by my hands on experience with different industries and types of management. Success resulted from using design thinking techniques to understand the clients' real needs, while being able to rally people together towards a common goal. From observations and interviews with their own employees, I learned how I could improve efficiency within clients and, without direct authority, implemented changes that benefited entire organizations. While a student, I have further developed these skills that are critical for exceeding expectations. IDEO's mission of innovating through design thinking to create solutions that clients may not even know they need is the best environment for me to use my strengths to develop new ideas into efficient products. 
 
"
"My program at Cornell University focuses on using design thinking to create human-centered experiences. Although I am primarily interested in UX/UI design and graphic design, I have experience with product design and built spaces as well. Additionally, I am minoring in Information Science. I’ve taken coursework in human-computer interaction design and understand how to interact with developers to actualize the products that I’ve designed. In the makeathon, I can use my skills to contribute to the strategy, scope, and structure of the product. 

I also have experience working with a diverse set of people in order to create a product. For example, this past summer I worked at a startup incubator program at Cornell. The program helped founders develop their ideas, which ranged from image recognition to educational video games, into viable businesses. My experience in effectively collaborating with problem solvers of different backgrounds will help me to succeed in this makeathon."
As an industrial designer, we are constantly forced into situations where we must ideate quickly and then present; but then to do it again. It is not uncommon that I make multiple small models in a day to arrive at an idea more concrete.  My skills consist of creating quick visual representations, rapid prototyping, speculation and design strategy. These skills allow me to work quickly and step up to manage projects if need be to meet a deadline.
"I thrive off of crazy ideas and I love talking about them with people. To create Nepal's first children's art museum, I had to talk to a lot of people and brainstorm and ideate on the solution to how to provide Nepali children with creative experiences that are never available in Nepali classrooms. My skills as a creative social entrepreneur who has established an art organization in one of the poorest countries, speaks to my resourcefulness and creativity in getting a job done by working with people.
Running an organization also mean juggling numerous projects at the same time and being abel to think through the lens of each staff member and delegate them tasks accordingly.  Organizing and empathizing in a chaotic setting is definitely skill I would be brining to the makeathon.
I have used design thinking as an intern at MIT Media Lab to create a hat that lights up on your touch only by using chibitronics lights, battery and stapler to talk about science and create something cool!  "
As a visual designer I have the ability to simplify and communicate complex ideas in a way that leaves people feeling touched, moved and inspired — utility is a nice ancillary benefit. Beyond that, my enthusiasm along with my strong communication skills, my eagerness to learn and collaborate with a multidisciplinary team and my commitment to designing powerful work that goes beyond creating beautiful pixels are all valuable and relevant to this makeathon.
"I have a creative mindset informed by art - I've found cathartic release through creative expression, whether as a dancer, painter, musician, writer... This has allowed me to gain experience working with various platforms and media - papers, fabrics, acrylic/watercolor/oil, digital art and programming. I am flexible and willing to work in environments regardless of extensive resources or limited options. 

Furthermore, I have experience as an aspiring computer science major at Stanford and as teaching assistant for a class with tight partnership with TeachAIDs, a social enterprise developed with research-based design to produce technology-based HIV education materials to communities in need. I am developing my technical programming skills as well as informing my conceptual understanding of research inquiry and application. 

I am excited to work with other people - I think the most useful tool is feedback, criticism, raising questions and debating responses in a conducive, happy team."
I have a very diverse range of experiences, from cultural to academic to personal pursuits. There has been many instances when my diverse background has helped me come up with amazing ideas that link different fields together, and this is something I feel will be very valuable and relevant to this makeathon. I also have a diverse skillset, from CAD design to graphics to UI/UX and more artistic pursuits such as 3D modelling, which I believe will be very useful in an environment like a makeathon with a small team size. 
I make icons not artefacts. As a industrial designer, I am constantly stepping back to see where my product fits in. For me this is more than just who uses it and where they use it, but rather how it will be used a few months or years after it has been introduced. My perspective on design as well as my fluency in prototyping, 3-D modeling, and UI/UX all focus towards creating a product that becomes integral to the users life rather than a temporary extension. I believe that my skills are relevant as I would help my team create a product with a permanent place in technological timeline, a design with lasting impacts and memorable innovations. 
"I will make a significant contribution at the Makeathon by (1) utilizing my expertise in design, (2) applying my understanding of organizations, and (3) building strong bonds with my team.

I have experience designing user-focused analytical prototypes to help organizations answer critical business question. I have also designed immersive experiences for executives to tackle key business challenges. Lastly, I can visually communicate my ideas to others in an engaging (and fun!) way through graphic design in tools like Adobe Illustrator. 

Beyond design, I’ve spent three years in consulting (1) on the ground at the tactical level helping organizations improve their processes, and (2) at the executive level advising C-Suite Executives on solving complex problems and preparing for the future. 

Lastly, I believe that one of my true strengths is building connections and trust with others quickly. I will bring my team closer together to more effectively collaborate on our challenge.
"
I believe emerging technologies as well as this makeathon is a mixture of many factors. I come from a multibackground. Majored in Tourism Management during undergrad, I learned a lot on consumer behavior research and marketing strategies, which planted a seed of human-centered design thinking in me. After graduation, I worked as a graphic designer for two years in a 4A media agency. My work experience in agency and freelance collaboration with several food and beverage brands strengthened my passion for visual design and meanwhile, helped me find my strong interest in interactive design. Thus, I started graduate level study in ITP-NYU since last summer, related research fields include user experience design, physical computing, creative coding, animation, live performance etc.  I'm happy to share my learnings from my multi-experience and to learn more at CoLab.
I have a strong technological background that enables me to build quick prototypes. Furthermore I already have experience in the Design Thinking process and I am able to assist with some of the typical problems that teams might run into during their teamwork. 
All kinds of tasks RISD challenged me throughout the freshman year equipped me with multiple skills on critical thinking and designing.  Thus, I believe with my creativity and design-related skills I will be able to work well with my team during the makeathon and make something useful and interesting. 
My background consists of social entrepreneurship, venture capital, and product design. I founded a cookie company that distributed products in multiple locations, Sconset Sweetreets, and whose profits I donated to charities. I interned at Revolution Ventures and gained valuable insights into what makes a pitch effective and how VC firms evaluate potential investments. In teams at Penn’s M&TSI, we designed and created a working prototype of a product related to the internet of things. In my Innovation course, my partner and I designed a shopping app titled Shopery (shopping + discovery). As a result, I have developed strong teamwork and collaboration skills. Technical skills: coding (basic knowledge of C, html, and MATLAB), Powerpoint and inVision. I would bring these skills, my passion for design and my ability to use my resources and learn new skills quickly to my work in the makeathon. I think I would be a valuable team member because of my persistence, resilience, and patience.
I am not only a professional engineer who loves to be creative and build new things, I also possess a strong sense of user centric design as well as business knowhow. My multidisciplinary skill set puts me at the intersection of all these fields which are key to the design process. 
In addition to visual design, I have extensive experience in user experience research and service design. My training in needfinding, rapid prototyping and agile thinking are especially relevant for efficient and expedient ideation events such as this makeathon. 
"My years of experience teaching undergraduates to work on group capstone engineering projects together makes me uniquely qualified to be a valuable member of a makeathon team. I'm good with brainstorming, listening to other ideas, and teaching, tailored to an individual or group, when appropriate. I'm also used to solving problems creatively, including quick, simple, and elegant solutions for little needs here and there. 

Materials selection and knowledge of materials processing, fabrication, and manufacturing techniques are always relevant to the design process for physical objects.   "
"I have a deep understanding of how to convert an opportunity into a product with meaning for a customer. This is especially important in the new and esoteric fields of tech, which have huge potential to help, but need careful introduction and application to humanise them and tackle real problems.

I also have a lot of experience and practice working in teams with a mixture of designers and non-designers to solve complex human problems from healthcare to education to prison systems."
For the last few years, I have been focusing on fabrication and learning different skills to design and prototype with different materials and by way of different softwares. I currently work in a design space at my school to help other students with projects that range anywhere from art to engineering research. I think that I could help with the making to any team with an idea.
I have analytical skill-sets in conducting consumer interviews and performing consumer data analysis, including a/b/multivariate testing and modeling which can help in transforming raw human data into insights which can inform product iteration and improvement and yield higher satisfaction among the target consumer. I also have skill-sets in project management and communication skills and can help keep the team on-track and in sync with one another throughout the project. 
As an interaction designer with engineering background (BS of Electrical and Computer Engineer), I have not only a designer’s imagination and creativity, but also an engineer’s rigorousness and calmness. I like calculating and programming as well as painting and designing. I have curiosity in everything from science to art so I have passion in learning all kinds of new knowledge to realize my ideas.
I worked at a start-up that was creating a market place for IoT pregnancy gadgets. I have tested and handled nearly all of the IoT gadgets that are currently being sold on the market through Target Open house and Beta and am familiar with their strengths and the most common pain points. As a well rounded UX Designer comfortable with both research and the designs, I will be able to help guide the designs to go beyond just beautiful aesthetic choices and anticipate and serve the users needs, while also being able to produce rapid prototypes.
"I am a university student studying computer engineering. I have a strong math and science background experience regarding programming, including with microcontrollers such as Arduino. What’s perhaps more valuable to the CoLab makethon is my energy and ability to connect and articulate ideas to others. I have a number of educational interests apart from engineering, so I can speak with knowledge to many types of people. I try to think holistically about whatever I do. I thrive with big-picture thinking and dreaming, but also with seeing how something will fit into a use case by seeking out the opinions of others. I very much want to learn from those who are more talented than I in order to make something new, and I want to use my knowledge to help others in the same way.
"
My degree program focuses on giving engineering students the knowledge and skillsets to make new things. Period. Because biology projects are usually so interdisciplinary, we get hands-on experience in many different technical fields -- hardware and PCB design, programming and machine learning, mechanical systems and CAD and 3d printing... not to mention genetic engineering and the ability to create entirely new forms of life! Interdisciplinary teams will be important for this makeathon to see ideas, solutions, and applications that those without that broadened vision can't. Being able to be in such a team and speak and understand everyone's language, be able to conceptualize of systems as a whole, and technical skills to boot, makes me a potentially useful person to have around.
I practiced architecture as a human-centered design intertwining architecture principles with future of Architectural solutions thus using contemporary technologies such as CNC and 3D printing.
Link to response: goo.gl/aXxN8N 
"Of my senior spring semester in high school when all I did was play around with the Adobe Creative Suite.

But building on that, I’ve had experience bringing my ideas and vision into fruition. 
Back in high school, I was editor of my school’s literary arts magazine and newspaper, which really allowed me to develop my strengths as a designer and leader. On campus, I am light designer and tech producer of the Harvard Ballet Company, and these roles allow me to exercise my creativity and coordinate all the different moving parts of our productions. 

My favorite quote is, “The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision” by Helen Keller. I like to think of myself as both a person with vision and a do-er—and I think the combination of those two traits make me an effective maker and team-player.
 
"
I wear a lot of hats - I’m a business person, an entrepreneur, I make things, I’m especially a technical expert on all things strategy, technology, design and data within the music and media space. My background has afforded me the opportunity to touch on blockchain, AR/VR and AI, and I would love the opportunity to apply this knowledge and contribute to the makeathon teams. Much of my experience has touched on money, payments, contracts which expand into many other industries beyond music and media, and much of the data/identity related issues in this space are not unlike many of the challenges surrounding health/medical records. More specifically, I have a very granular understanding of the logistics and legalities surrounding all types of content and media, which would make me a valuable asset for speaking to the feasibility and viability of any venture ideas and prototypes that may touch on these areas (like Bit Block Music from past makeathons!).
"I'm first a curious researcher: Last summer, I researched and reported on the innovation contest scene for my work at People Centered Internet (peoplecentered.net). I learned to thrive in ambiguous situations as well as to listen and raise questions that cut to the heart of the matter. 
Second, I'm a thought aficionado: I love geeking out and sharing about the deeper implication of technology in our lives. I wrote about Managing Oneself in the Digital Age and won the Global Peter Drucker Challenge 2015. Fun fact: Fun fact: As I was biking & listening to IDEO Futures the other day, I thought self-driving car might actually not be as big as e-bike with AR. 
On a more practical side, I'm a dynamic communicator. In addition to blogging, I have written research papers ranging from the peer sharing platform BitTorrent to how Slack is changing workplace communication. I have also made several pitch decks and designed proof-of-concept experiences, which can be useful at the Makeathon. 
"
"I don't have a depth of design experience, but in my time working in management consulting, I worked on various front line operations projects, where we did extensive employee interviews and user testing to understand how we could improve business processes. I learned from that the importance of thinking like the user (in this case the employee), and I have been looking to build on that in the field course I described earlier.

In addition, my time in consulting and private equity often found me in situations where I was put into teams of new people with expectations for immediate results. I would hope to built the team leadership and management experience from that experience to help our Makeathon team quickly come together and work effectively against our design challenge."
"Throughout highschool I gained extensive experience with CAD/CFD/Thermodynamics simulations which I used to build by science fair projects. I have taken some CAD/Robotics classes at college as well so i'm very experienced building something with my hands and getting it to work. 

Soon after coming to college I discovered the joy of CS and since then have gained significant experience building websites/programs.

This combination of hands-on knowledge and computer programming is great to have for makeathons because frequently the best projects use some combination of physical/digital processes. "
"After earning a Sociology degree from Vassar College, I committed myself to one thing: creating amazing experiences with music. Since 2007, I’ve been a professional musician, spearheading two different live bands that released five studio albums of original music. I've learned a ton presenting creative ideas to live audiences while playing several hundred shows across the US, Europe and Asia. This segued into making scores for film and advertisements, and brought a new kind of education: communicating to clients. It's been an amazing, challenging decade of creative entrepreneurship.

Pivoting now into design and tech, I bring to the conversation a strong sense of aesthetics and a relaxed comfort with ruthless adaptability. Through experience, I've learned that ideas don’t ignite unless you can inspire a team to help you develop them. I want to continue to refine my design thinking via work that fits with my ethics and centers around multidisciplinary collaboration. "
"“Change by Design” introduced me to breadth and depth represented by a “T.” I believe my diverse interests have built a sturdy horizontal stroke, while college has deepened my vertical stroke of CS and analytical thinking.

I began pursuing engineering with work on heart pumps during high school. In college, this led me to construct four-wheeled robots, build prototypes in SolidWorks, and learn the workings of a machine shop. I realized that I most enjoyed the coding aspects of these interdisciplinary projects, which led me to focus on my CS skills. 

My courses have taught me to approach problems using algorithms and recursion, which I am convinced apply to solving many problems that require intelligent brainstorming. Recently, I have been collaborating with students to develop a crime map of Cambridge to help protect Harvard students from thefts and assaults. This project has allowed me to apply higher-level concepts from class, while strengthening my practical coding skills."
I am an ambitious graphic designer with 3 years of design experience. I love to take as many opportunities as possible to broaden my horizons and to gain a new skill-set, so I am currently working as a Graphic Designer and user interface and experience designer at four distinct companies and organizations, including a multidisciplinary research center, mobile app company, web development company, and advertising agency. On top of those internships and part-time jobs, I have a freelance graphic design job, and I am working for clients to develop their brand strategy and graphics for the product illustrations, company logos, and websites. My diverse design experience across different fields triggered my interest particularly in learning more about the emerging technology, and I am excited to meet different creatives at the CoLab.
"I consider myself primarily as a visual designer. With an IB art high-level degree and having been working in USC Daily Trojan as a designer and opinion artist since Freshman year, I’ve already familiarized myself with various design tools and used them in multiple tasks including newspaper covers, infographics, and opinion cartoons. My experience as the historian E-board member of IEEE USC Student Branch also enabled me to design marketing materials. I also further expand it into UIUX design during recent projects.

My secondary role is business design. My internship at Shanghai Caohejing Innovation Center familiarized me with the design thinking and product incubation process. I also conducted a local start-up culture research project by paying visits to various incubators and co-working spaces in Shanghai and having in-person interviews with their management team. I plan to use the knowledge into my personal projects, and I think it will be extremely helpful to my team as well."
.
"I have a very strong entrepreneurial background that consists of multiple ventures founded, sitting on the advisory board of a company raises seed stage funding, and having worked at multiple VC funds to understand the important components of a successful business.
I also have a design background, which I am currently honing at RISD. Fast sketches and thought ideation of two areas that I feel strongly in from a design and product perspective. "
I have a strong point of view on designing for desirability. As a psychology major, I have spent a lot of time thinking about how people make decisions, why people make certain decisions, and how we reconcile our natural inclination towards irrationality. We think of ourselves differently in the future than in the present, we use heuristics, and we’re biased. An understanding of human decision making and behavior is pretty integral to designing products and systems that people will use. I hope to bring what I know from the research I’ve been exposed to on human behavior into the fabric of the products and solutions that we design during the makeathon. From research I’ve conducted on topics like self-presentation, trust, and customer service interactions, I can’t understate how important it is that human insights are applied to each step of the design process.  To have a genuine, deep understanding of what makes people tick, what people want is crucial.
I would be able to bring in my knowledge in Biology, Healthcare, and Engineering to the team, as well as knowledge of various social issues. I'm good at researching new issues and finding information related to an event, and I also have experience in marketing. I hope to also bring my designing skills to the table and my engineering skills to build a prototype.
I am both passionate about the tech and business sides of product development in the fields of this makeathon (IoT, VR, AR) as well as I am currently studying both. Also, I've had a little experience with makeathons / design thinking methodology  in TEDActive 2014, where I've worked on developing School in Cloud project based on design thinking for a week, but there's still a lot to learn and I really hope that I get to experience it at IDEO CoLab 
I'd like to say I have a broad background that makes me a good candidate. I have a fair amount f experience is in design thinking and visual design, both through my courses and experiences outside of school. I also have the type of teamwork and leadership skills that will make me a good and open communicator, which will be valuable no matter what my specific project in the makeathon will be. I think being able to work with people, come up with ideas, and think critically are the most important skills for an event like this.
"I have great skills to manipulate the environment from the perspective of an artist but also as an architect. Hence, I always have been an imaginative person, very passionate and optimistic. Since I have a background as an architect, and coming from a developing country I have a great understanding of social issues and they really matter to me. In Venezuela, I learned to lead processes for the changes I want to see made and that give me the courage to always envision more, no matter the circumstances. 

Combining all the skills above I can participate in any group, make diverse drawings to transmit ideas to different audiences, talk with the people where the idea is going to be tested, and design thinking in the people rather than an object for itself combining digital interaction with physical interventions. Since I already have started working under these ideas, my participation in IDEO can be productive in generating interesting and innovative projects towards the same goals. "
I have the ability to harness raw ideas and represent them visually so that they can be quickly articulated, analyzed, and refined over iterations.  As a second-year student in Harvard GSD’s Master of Architecture program, I have learned to incorporate radical thinking into my design process to create unique work under pressure.  These skills will be invaluable at this year’s makeathon.  I have come to love the thrill of operating under stringent deadlines with a team of dedicated individuals.  I produce my best work when designing under a deadline and appreciate the intense, creative energy that springs from these opportunities.  I hope to collaborate with a talented group of peers to create a final design of which we can all collectively be proud.  I have strong graphic skills as well as experience creating and representing brand identities. I am proficient in sketching, photography, and physical model building.   I am also proficient in the Adobe Creative Suite and Rhino 3D.
I possess the ability to quickly and efficiently build out my ideas through drawings and prototypes. I  have worked in a laboratory setting, on robot building teams, and coordinated marketing and business strategies in a startup scene. Having spent time working in the consumer products industry at Fisher-Price, I have participated in the brainstorming and innovation stages of new toys to present to the markets. Through the time spent at Fisher-Price I had the chance to prototype and present a transformative toy to the company to change the way that collectible toys might be looked at for the future. While working at a medical device company I had the opportunity to present designs and quick fix solutions to improve the quality check process of several product lines. These experiences have allowed me to explore the depths of various industries, but the skills I possess are constant. I am a strong communicator through my projects and I am able to visualize solutions to clients.
"I love building stuff. Some years back I was an engineer who used to tinker with things and build things like software, chairs and circuits. After deciding to pursue a UX Design career, I started to build things which had greater purpose and address user needs. Empathy for users combined with passion to create is one of my strongest attributes.

I bring my experience of working with teammates from various cultural and educational backgrounds to the table as well. I can communicate efficiently and have more fun when I collaborate and build."
"I have a breadth of skills in front end development, digital product design and 3D modeling/animation. I believe my virtuosity in different prototyping software and experience building rapid prototypes for multiple platforms including VR, web and mobile will help teams better translate their ideas into reality. 

Besides technical skills, my research in mixed reality will help structure projects in the field of VR or AR in ways that are easy to adopt and use. For example, currently, I’m working with Verizon Open Innovation and NYC Media Lab to develop a mixed reality prototyping tool for advertisers that enables anyone to easily tag AR markers on 3D objects. Since mixed reality is not a familiar concept to many people, I’ve learned to design intuitive interfaces that could guide people through their needs while educating them about the platform itself.  Also, through research on current limitations on VR, AR and MR, I understand the scope of possible interactions.                     "
I have spent a number of years exploring the power of design thinking and have learned and taught using design principles. What I am yet to do is enter into an experience that seems as pure in its design thinking approach as the one you have described. That's why I want to throw myself into this experience.
"In May 2016, I earned a BS in Mathematics from Spelman College with a research focus in applied maths and computer science. At INRIA, The French Institute for Computer Science and Automation Research, I calculated the path trajectories of autonomous vehicles during the overtaking procedure. As a 2016 Clare Booth Luce Research fellow, I designed BedMED, an educational video game that educates pre-service nurses on their bedside manner. As a team member, I will call on my technical background to assist in both design and implementation.

As a graduate student in the Interactive Telecommunications Program at New York University, I merge my passion for design with my technical training by studying HCI and interaction design. There, I incorporate my experiences as a queer woman of color into my studies so that I can create technology that better caters to marginalized demographics. To this make-athon, and to all of my projects, I will bring a strong passion to design inclusive technology. "
"I’m excited about my potential to contribute to this makeathon because I have the exposure to design-thinking as well as quick prototyping. Through the class and Spark SC I work on whetting my “Post-it Note” prototype skills, testing concepts for organizations, events, and services. 

I also can rapidly develop web services with sophisticated technologies. One of my proudest accomplishments here is a seed-project “pacific” https://github.com/IrfanFaizullabhoy/pacific - its simplicity imparts joy. 

I also have experience mixing development with human-centered design. I’m iterating on a Slack App, “TA” -- tell me if you would like to test it out and add you to the private repo. It alleviates the frustrations that teachers experience when using Slack in the Classroom. Compiling research from teacher’s blogs, scheduling interviews with teachers using Slack on campus, and interviewing my own students have helped me converge on a useful set of features and overall joyful experience."
My mom is an artist and my dad is an engineer, and this has shaped my worldview to appreciate the immense power that lies at the intersection of technology and art. I have honed my human-centered design skills working at IDEO.org and acted as the lead designer on teams who rapid prototyped new products for Intuit and Virgin. I have participated in multiple makeathons and hackathons, and was placed on the waitlist for the internship after this makeathon two years ago. Since then I have grown my skillset dramatically to include graphic design, UI design, product design, artwork in many different mediums, and various animations. One skill that I will bring to any team is that I know the power of creating over debating, and I will push my teammates to always be scribbling on post-its or building instead of arguing about whether something will be successful. I am comfortable leading my team, but also listening to everyone’s opinion and admitting when I’m wrong. 
My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because my interdisciplinary background in  computer science and design gives me a unique perspective. As part of Generate, Northeastern’s student-led product development studio, I work with students from different backgrounds to develop minimum viable products for student ventures. I’ve learned about refining ideas, creating looks-like and works-like prototypes and combining UX with engineering. I also have experience with CAD and 3D, UI, and UX Design. At Stratasys/GrabCAD I designed and implemented the user interface for a 3D printing technology, which gave me experience in the product development cycle. Now, in my work at LiveData Inc. I am responsible for designing user interfaces for hospitals that is easy to use, as well as accessibility compliant. My past experience and expertise will allow me to contribute greatly to the CoLab makeathon and my desire to learn will make me an eager and engaged participant.
From software engineering to rapid prototyping, I am passionate about leveraging my technical skills to build useful products. Moreover, I know how to quickly identify the critical vulnerabilities of a product and design rapid experiments and prototypes to test those vulnerabilities and potential solutions. Finally and most importantly, I know how to work well with people across a range of backgrounds and unify them toward a single vision. My senior year I lead a team of 22 MIT engineers in developing TouchLess, a novel hygienic bathroom stall door (first presenter; https://vimeo.com/149483122). Team members ranged from mechanical engineers to businessmen. As the team lead and lead software engineer, I learned to communicate effectively across disciplines, distilling key principles of the design and sharing them across teams. Combined, I think these would make me an effective team member at the Makeathon.
As a student of USC's Iovine and Young academy, I spent my education working in teams of students with diverse skill sets and pushed to develop ideas to make real impact. My skills in visual design and rapid prototyping are well suited for short intense projects like makeathons. 
"I'm a UX Designer today, with under a year of professional experience. But in my former life I was an experiential marketer for large-scale international sporting events. I helped shape how individual audiences would experience the Olympics and FIFA World Cup. From the branding and feel of the tickets to transportation options to the live stadium experience, every step of an audience member's emotional connectivity would be accounted. Today I apply that same experience to a broader scale of technology, but always grounding my designs in humanity. 

Having worked in such a large scope with rapid deadlines, I'm not intimidated by vision or scope. I'll always ask, ""who does this serve? And how can we do better?"
My background is in technical entrepreneurship. I work at the intersection of engineering, business, and design. Being handy with a hacksaw, a spreadsheet, and an artist’s palette (to name a few tools) enables me to contribute where I see gaps in interdisciplinary teams. Sometimes teams need a leader while at other times they need followers. I’m comfortable performing both roles at appropriate times to advance the team’s mission.
I bring to the team years of experience in research, analysis, and design across different markets and cultures. From Singapore to Athens and from finance to industrial design, I have led and been a member of teams that sought to change the world for the better through critical inquiry and creative design. An architect, maker, analyst, thinker - I can play a multitude of roles to a high degree of expertise within a team.
"I used to study business and am now working as a graphic designer, so this opportunity would be great chance to use two aspects what I learned.

In addition to my undergraduate training in business, I bring a strong design perspective to any project that I contribute to. For example, in my current and previous roles, I’ve had extensive experience in creating visuals, website design
layouts, advertisement mock-ups, infographics, presentations and more. The simple, clean, and modern aesthetic at these roles was a natural fit for me and my own design philosophy, and I think I’ll find the same great fit at this makeathon. I’ve also had experience visually researching images that fit a company’s design philosophy, translating the design team’s concepts into discrete, usable assets, and designing UI and UX mock-ups and infographics that demonstrate complex systems concepts. I believe all of these skills would be especially valuable at this makeathon."
"	I have worked in two startups in product development, project management and operations roles. I have worked on projects such as implementing a mobile payment app in restaurants, conducting a product evaluation for a computer-based reading software, developing a hiring tool and exploring applications of VR in healthcare organizations. Skills such as brainstorming ideas, conducting surveys and user-research and developing business plans will be relevant for the makeathon. 
	I have worked as a researcher for over 5 years in different settings and published 5 peer-reviewed papers. Research skills will be useful for the makeathon because I will be able to generate multiple creative ideas, read up on relevant literature and share insights with other team members. 

LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/saranyaramakrishnan"
"Most of my professional experience is with Bain & Company where I gained an analytical approach to solving problems. When working with a media client, I supported launching a pilot of a new sales strategy. This work included conducting customer interviews, shaping the pilot structure, measuring outcomes, and scaling successful initiatives. This experience would translate to Ideo’s iterative design process.
Most recently, I worked at Accion Venture Lab, a seed-stage FinTech impact investor, where I led due diligences and advised portfolio companies. I supported Venture Lab’s due diligence of investments and worked closely with portfolio companies. This experience would translate at Ideo to determining where user needs and business needs intersect.
Currently, I using human centered design to redesign an existing City of Boston online tool- https://www.cityofboston.gov/assessing/search/. Our team is using Ideo's published design guidance to shape our approach."
"I used to study business and am now working as a graphic designer, so this opportunity would be great chance to use two aspects what I learned.

In addition to my undergraduate training in business, I bring a strong design perspective to any project that I contribute to. For example, in my current and previous roles, I’ve had extensive experience in creating visuals, website design
layouts, advertisement mock-ups, infographics, presentations and more. The simple, clean, and modern aesthetic at these roles was a natural fit for me and my own design philosophy, and I think I’ll find the same great fit at this makeathon. I’ve also had experience visually researching images that fit a company’s design philosophy, translating the design team’s concepts into discrete, usable assets, and designing UI and UX mock-ups and infographics that demonstrate complex systems concepts. I believe all of these skills would be especially valuable at this makeathon."
in the American technology landscape today there is an over emphasis on the creation of apps and gadgets that are novel, disposable, easily imitable (What do Myspace, PDAs, and 3-D TVs have in common?). I focus on the creation of technologies and ideas that are universally useful and enduring (I aim to create knife and fork level products, technologies that will sustain the next 4400 years and not just the next quarter). My background is in engineering, business, and international development, so I am well suited for designing and commercializing technology for the other 6 billion people on Earth. 
Working as a Social Innovation Fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School and my own experience designing a social enterprise have given me the opportunity to develop skills in identifying the needs within a given context and designing relevant interventions. Through my work with the VC firm, Yard Ventures, I have the opportunity to come across startups across industries. Analyzing the track record of the startups, market response and product details allows me to gain insights into product-market fit. In combination, I have gained insights into designing interventions at the intersection of product-market fit such that needs are addressed by a product that can be feasibly developed. I think these insights will create value within the work of the interdisciplinary teams at the makeathon. 
I have worked a large spectrum of people and am not afraid to talk to anyone. My background in health goes beyond the lab and the textbooks. Most importantly, my education before college largely emphasized creativity and non-conformity, but an innate desire to learn and improve.  
"•	I have more than 6 years of experience starting as a Software Engineer at Google to working at a Media and Entertainment tech startup funded by Oscar Winners to Product Management at Fortune 100 where I spearheaded the efforts to build the world’s most economical 4G LTE smartphone for more than 500 million last mile Indians to starting my consumer tech startup for which I raised $500k funding. 
•	Being a Data Scientist and Designer in my career, I had faced the blind spot of intense collaboration between design and data science to build a new hybrid design discipline, one whose practitioners understand AI systems well enough to know what affordances they offer for interaction and understand humans well enough to know how they might use, misuse, and abuse these affordances.
•	Lastly, I am an external consultant to a billion dollar venture capital firm, focusing on industry research, deal sourcing, and due diligence on few of the emerging technologies mentioned above.
"
"As a former marketing professional in the IT infrastructure provider for data centers, I have the experience and proficiency coordinating R&D efforts and client demands. I am able to provide insights into the integration of multiple perspectives or disciplines through my experience (and difficulties) managing various projects between industrial designers and engineers. 

As an MBA student, the knowledge and practical skills I acquired from the business curriculum allow me to utilize both qualitative and quantitative data for more effective analysis and fact-based decision making. 

On the other hand, my leadership skills demonstrated in my professional experience and in business school will be valuable to the teams at makeathon. Being an empathetic and people-oriented leader with adept listening and communication skills, I may coordinate team efforts to leverage each colleague’s unique strengths while maintaining a cordial and responsive team dynamic."
"My background is in Financial Economics and Accounting. I have worked in a business setting at State Street and Core Complexity Assessments. My knowledge in business will be useful to explore the viability of ideas from a business perspective and to identify consumer needs. 
At Core Complexity Assesments, I have worked on testing and evaluating products that help enhance organizational performance. For example, I worked on assessing the effectiveness of a game-based, computer-run reading software and evaluate strengths and weaknesses of the product.
  
Further, I have worked for Dr. Michael Lamport Commons, Harvard Medical School as a Research Assistant. I have published two papers on Human Development and Behavioral Science. My research skills will be useful for combining ideas of different people in the group to come up with tangible and actionable solutions. 
Portfolio: http://sarthakppgiri.wixsite.com/portfolio"
..., as a business student at Babson College cross-enrolled at Olin College of Engineering, I am developing a background in both business and design, which improves my communication with both business professionals as well as engineers and designers.
"I’m passionate about design. I participated in design workshops led by HORT studio, Hyper Island school and British Higher School of Art and Design. Working as a product manager for the last 5 years, I have implemented design practices in product development processes. I have led diverse teams of product designers, software developers, marketing managers and also worked with finance and business development teams.  

I have recently relaunched the biggest in Russia online marketplace for e-tickets for entertainment and cultural events. I aimed to make going out easier for people by building a personalized recommender system and move the entertainment industry toward electronic ticketing. I worked heavily with software engineers as well as with market researchers. I made myself involved into event organizers community, learning about the industry from inside.

I learned to understand how people see the worlds from different standpoints and to facilitate the exchange of their views.
"
I have extensive knowledge in 3D softwares such as Rhino and grasshopper, rendering and post production software such as VRay and Adobe Suite, and have experience in prototyping tools such as 3D printers, lasercutters, CNC, and general model making skills. I also love to work with multidisciplinary teams fielding ideas between people of different backgrounds and taking a leadership role if need be. I'm not afraid of disagreements or some team conflict as I believe that a little bit of friction makes the project better and I always strive to understand the ideas my teammates propose. 
My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because they heavily focus on human-centered design. As a UC Berkeley alumni with a background in Urban Studies I learned to design, research and explore human interaction with space. More recently, I have engaged more with technology and will soon be a graduate of General Assembly’s Web Development Immersive program. I enjoy using GitHub as much as Photoshop and Illustrator.
i know how to code, brainstorm, can do rapid prototyping, i know a bit of ways of world now (in public health) and I am eager to learn more from IDEO and all the fellow participants.
"•	I have more than 6 years of experience starting as a Software Engineer at Google to working at a Media and Entertainment tech startup funded by Oscar Winners to Product Management at Fortune 100 where I spearheaded the efforts to build the world’s most economical 4G LTE smartphone for more than 500 million last mile Indians to starting my consumer tech startup for which I raised $500k funding. 
•	Being a Data Scientist and Designer in my career, I had faced the blind spot of intense collaboration between design and data science to build a new hybrid design discipline, one whose practitioners understand AI systems well enough to know what affordances they offer for interaction and understand humans well enough to know how they might use, misuse, and abuse these affordances.
•	Lastly, I am an external consultant to a $350 million venture capital firm, focusing on industry research, deal sourcing, and due diligence on few of the emerging technologies mentioned above.
"
Coming from a fine art background, I have broad experiences from hands-on making (wood working, form making, C++ writing), to space designing (gallery show curation and installation). My knowledge in making forms makes me an expert in researching materials that will be ideal for projects of different dimensions. My past show experiences allow me to work with people from different fields, ranging from computer science to animation. Combining my fine art practices with other fields of knowledge, I was able to curate the most suitable aesthetics for these collaborative efforts. My academic background also allows me to use materials unconventionally, which will bring creativity to the team I work with.
I've designed 600+ games in 8 different countries, so I can bring a number of different real world examples & interesting global perspectives to the process. 
"I’m a member of the Yale Magic Society (yes, like rabbits-out-of-hats) and I love to perform the impossible.  I write my own routines and sometimes I even design my illusions.  Last semester, some of my Society-mates and I designed a stage illusion, where we made a pizza appear—a full-size, edible pizza—from an empty box, with the audience’s choice of toppings on top.   After we had brainstormed and prototyped for days, we built a working box and amazed a packed house.

Magic design incorporates principles of design, engineering, and psychology.  Engineers don’t predict the future, they design it.  Magicians are one step ahead—we design a future that no one can predict.  My experience with this out of the (pizza) box thinking is certainly valuable to a makeathon and in the types of thinking used to create an innovative product.  "
My background as a highly curious engineer is valuable as I am creative in problem solving, and genuinely love working on multidisciplinary area. My basic skills in Matlab and all Microsoft Office applications will definitely be helpful to contributing in the process of making a prototype. Additionally, my understanding in other engineering specific program such as Aspen, Minitab and Origins, may help in the projects given in this Makethon. 
"I have worked on the design and execution of a number of programs (with and without technology). I believe I can offer some perspective from those experiences, most importantly in terms of making sure that everyone on the team feels comfortable participating. 

I served as a nonprofit challenge partner at two JPMorgan Chase ""Code for Good"" (hackathon) projects in New York -- what eventually became FloodHelpNY.org was our challenge the first year. When I came back the second year, I was presenting that project as a success story for the participants.  "
"I am an educator with four years of classroom teaching experience and instructional design experience. I am currently completing a masters degree in education. What I bring to the table is knowledge of how learning happens and how to design for effective learning experiences. I also have experience in the evaluation of learning experiences, that is, how to measure if a project has achieved the desired outcome. 

In any product that aims to motivate a change in the user, educate the user on a concept, or ask the user to delve into a new realm, these skills are necessary.  "
"I provide a unique perspective.  At work my reputation, is someone who thinks different. I have become the go to person to inspire creativity and lead teams to develop innovative solutions. 

I am not a engineer or traditional technologist nor am I a typical business person. Instead, I am someone who believes in lifelong learning and trying new things. My background is extremely diverse. It includes government relations, policy analysis, behavioral economics, innovation strategy, crowd-sourcing, lean startup,  human-centered design, organizational behavior, volunteer work, traveling, cooking, and the outdoors. 

The sum of these experiences makes me who I am. Team diversity trumps individual ability. If you select me for the makeathon, I will strengthen the team diversity with my unique perspective. "
"As a designer and architecture student at Harvard GSD, I have significant experience in using emerging technologies to shape the built environment.  As a Co-Chair of HarvardxDesign, which consists of students from Harvard GSD, HBS, and Harvard College, I have been fascinated in bringing together diverse disciplines in order to expand design solutions that shape society. 

I have also been leading the coordination for the 5th Annual HarvardxDesign Conference this February, which will bring together 500 attendees and over 15 design leaders across diverse disciplines from education to biology. The goal is to engage in and reinterpret the design process as it relates to academia, cultural trends, and societal differences. I have thus gained valuable experience in engaging in productive multi-disciplinary and collaborative teams, as well as developing a platform for productive conversations and idea exchanges between design leaders of diverse disciplines. 
"
I will be able to wear different hats on the team and partake in various stages of the iterative design cycle such as user research, brainstorming, designing, crafting, and usability testing. I have experience with designing human-centered products in school and industry. I’ve done rapid prototyping, built functional mockups, and assisted with basic front-end tasks. Additionally, I’ve done usability testing on adults and children to help gather qualitative data and reiterated designs based on the feedback.
My experience in human-computer interaction classes have introduced me to a lot of the d.school fundamentals that IDEO uses in their work, so I'm familiar with the design thinking process. I've also dabbled in prototyping in a medical device innovation seminar. I also just love crafting and making things.
I can offer a keen perspective linking the socio-cultural notions of aesthetics to the emerging habits of consumer behaviors. Working in architectural design has armed me with a systematic thinking method that can accommodate the whims of fantasy and devise the realization of these fantasies. The contractions of novelty and reality does not faze me, it enthralls me. 
of my skills in visual communications and graphic design. 
Perhaps an example illustrates it best. Last semester, during an AR/VR hackathon with 64 teams at MIT Media Lab sponsored by Samsung, Microsoft, etc, my task was to design ways to incorporate AR/VR technology solutions to improve our lives. I integrated my MBA finance skills with my creative problem solving skill set to help my team design from scratch a tool that addresses the creative production pain points of video editors and other creative professionals. My strength went beyond the business designer role - it was being able to pull the diverse perspectives together and synthesize them so that we can find a coherent theme. I was the person who asked the team to put ourselves in the user's shoes whenever we were uncertain which direction to go. I was the person suggesting we look at outside of the box/analogous cases or extreme users whenever we needed inspiration. I was the person making sure everyone had an equal voice at the table. 
"My educational backgrounds have their roots in computer engineering, education and art direction, while my work experiences craft a melting pot: business-technology consulting, programming, start-up operations, TEDx curation, marketing and communications, graphic designing, illustrations, editorial, photography and education. I believe, as a passionate social learner, I bring versatility and dynamism to the table, and offer interdisciplinary perspectives. My exposure to the world of design thinking in eclectic areas of education, social innovation and technology, serves as a purposeful medium to shape constructive and compelling problem-solving instances at the CoLab makeathon.
"
As I mentioned earlier, Harvard's design opportunities are fairly limited, but I do try to get involved with design opportunities and projects wherever I can. My primary design background comes from Springboard, where I have worked on projects for different clients around campus and beyond, mainly on human-centered design and systems efficiency projects. I am also a committee member in Harvard Undergraduate Women in Business. This year I transitioned to the Communications Committee, where I hold the position of Design and Branding director and am responsible for developing the brand and image of the club, as well as creating logos and advertisements for various subcommittees and club events. Additionally, I just joined the Harvard Crimson's design board this past semester. As a designer on the Arts board I design page layouts for the daily paper and also periodic arts supplements. In these organizations as well as others, I have a lot of experience working in a team.
My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because I bring to the table a combination of innovation, creative, and business skills. My passion for and work with  human-centered design helps teams identify, understand, and empathize with needs, and brainstorm solutions. My creative background helps teams think outside the box and helps visualization of product ideas. My background in business and law helps teams evaluate products from a strategic business angle. This combination of skills not only allows me to build and evaluate products holistically, but also helps me work well with cross-functional teams because I have an understanding of where different perspectives come from. 
As a designer, I enjoy making stuff and thinking deeply about them!
I am fearlessly creative with experience in architecture, urban policy-making, history and art with a background in engineering and biotech. As a liberal arts student I am an active listener as well as a thoughtful storyteller, and I would be a valuable member of a team in the brainstorming, communicating, and editing processes. My verbal, written, and visual communication skills would catalyze constructive ideation between team members, and would promote comprehensibility of our final product. The blockchain, AR/VR, AI, and IoT are obscure to many, and in order to stay true to human-centered design, clearly conveying these concepts is necessary in developing further technologies. I want to make the accelerating world of tech accessible to as many people as possible. 
"Currently, I am pursuing my master’s in Human-Computer Interaction from the School of Information at the University of Michigan. Since the time I have joined the university I have proactively worked on several projects related to product design, contextual inquiry, interaction design, needs assessment and usability studies and participated in 10 design jams. During the course of these projects, I have conducted numerous interviews, brainstormed ideas, sketched solutions, developed prototypes using various design tools, conducted usability studies; all this while collaborating with people from diverse backgrounds to achieve the desired results. Thus I have developed a sound understanding of the user-centered design principles. 
 I have a bachelor’s degree in Electronics and Communication engineering and software development experience of 2.5 years in Amadeus Software Labs, working on both front-end and back-end side. Additionally, I worked as a software/hardware engineer in a research s"
I’m always open to learn new things, and I think that my multifaceted background would allow me to fit well into a designated group. I’m a fledgling designer, aspiring analyst and part-time programmer who is constantly attempting to bridge the gap between multiple industries and worlds.
I am a student of business with a  strong product sense who also understands the technical sides of building wonderful experiences for users.
"I have recognized a strength in being able to listen and collaborate with others without ego.  I've always been most effective working in horizontal teams in contrast to top-down and hierarchical structures.  

Further, I was fortunate enough to get exposed to a vast array of technology ideas and problem solving approaches while working as an impact investment portfolio manager for innovative ideas in my previous role.  I'm optimistic this will be an asset to the group and help draw on inspiration in unique places."
"As an electrical engineer and a computer scientist, I can provide a technical perspective to the projects through various coding technicalities and the engineering mindset, which constantly deals with hands-on problem solving and data analysis. However, I am also confident in my abilities to design optimized solutions, make precise business decisions, and research different ideas and models based on my previous projects and experiences.
As a software engineering intern at Intel this past summer, I worked on prototyping the next generation of the smart glove. Taking on roles of a software, mechanical, and electrical engineer, I worked on improving calibration algorithms, enclosure layout and material selection, and sensor adaptation. 
With all of these experiences, I am a flexible, enthusiastic, passionate learner, ready to take on new problems and challenges to expand my horizons."
"I am a UX Designer which means I am the people's advocate. I will make sure that the product is what the user will feel happy and comfortable about and not get intimidated by the complexity of it by applying various UX research methods I have learnt over time. 
In the past, I have been a software tester for 4 years, which means ensuring quality of any product is extremely important to me. As I have been in various boats, I can communicate well with other stakeholders.
I have worked in teams before so I can contribute and collaborate in a team setting while also undertaking individual responsibility.  "
I have strong quantitative skills, attention to detail, and a team mindset. I spearheaded the marketing campaign, from data collection and strategy to price and sales forecasting. I learned how to lay the groundwork for good forecasting assumptions key to problem-solving and decision-making. Supporting teams taught me the importance of managing multiple projects under time constraints and how to eliminate error with meticulous tracking systems. When given the task of working with over 30 plastic surgery clinics to make in-clinic branded decoration, I worked with our graphic designers to efficiently develop brand materials that are versatile and could be adapted for different clinic set-ups, saving design costs in the process. I have led cross-functional teams and motivated diverse groups of people. Through collaboration and feedback during the launch of a software service, I learned the importance of building relationships and how to effectively communicate a variety of stakeholders.
"...at McKinsey, I got accustomed to a fast-paced environment, centered around team problem-solving. I also developed a strong sense of navigating through ambiguity, and adjust priorities on a daily basis. I believe these skills will be crucial in the makeathon as well as during the internship.
At Harvard, I am enrolled in a field-based course that involves working with the State of Massachusetts to develop a strategy regarding the emerging technology of self-driving vehicles. I am confident this experience will offer valuable learnings that will reveal potential areas of work to keep improving this technology in the hopes of scaling it up nation-wide in the near future."
"As an entrepreneur, leader, public speaker, UX designer, marketer, and writer, I am coming to realize that my love for storytelling is what brings all these elements to a full circle. 

At the heart of a product's journey is a mission, a story to be told. And at the end of a product's journey is a user that awaits. I tell our user's stories to my team, and I tell my team's story to our users. By bridging transparency and understanding between the two, a company fosters trust and loyalty among its customers, and is able to serve its customers' needs better.

The brilliant Seth Godin says that marketing should be genuine. Might I add that by looking to solve problems with a human-centered approach and valuing data-driven decisions, the story we market will naturally speak to our target audience.

I would like best to contribute as one of the storytellers (ex. UX researcher) on the team. But at the end of the day I will be what the team needs me to be.

Thanks for considering me!"
"My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because they prime me for outside-in problem solving.  Over the course of my short career, I have worked across cultural contexts on problems ranging from ""how might we improve early childhood development in Kathmandu slums"" to ""how might we lower the barriers to internet connectivity in rural Myanmar."" As a market and social researcher, my experience translating business and humanitarian problems to research objectives, and translating statistics to strategy has prepared me to be a meaningful contributor to the CoLab.  I have the analytical chops, comfort with ambiguity and intermediary skills necessary to empathize with the human needs, wants and desires that are central to design.  However, my most valuable contribution is more personal: my Kasey Koop energy and optimism. During the long hours of the makeathon, I will infuse my team renewed enthusiasm when spirits lull.  
"
I am eager to learn! My first time coding was last fall and I fell utterly in love with the possibilities that computer science uncovers. Now I have basic programming experience in C, Java, Python and front-end development. I wish I had more experience and technical skills to offer, but one reason why I want to participate in the CoLab Makeathon is precisely to gain that experience. Nevertheless I hope that my personal qualities and work ethic will give a fuller picture of myself as a CoLab candidate: Detail oriented, for I believe that only by connecting the individual puzzle pieces together will the image as a whole make sense. Curious, for when I see a loose thread, I pull. Experimental, because how else to find out what works and what works better? Thorough, for I believe doing things halfheartedly is a waste of time and effort. Adventurous, for I enjoy taking risks. Dedicated, for to let down my team is to let down myself. And most importantly, openminded and hungry for more.
"As a maker and designer, I think about problems and situations around me. I believe that small interventions can go a long way and train myself to notice the details. “The details are not the details. They make the design.” Attention to detail helps me break down huge problems and focus my time on execution of solutions that can have most impact. 
As an Amazonian who works on a BIG product, I have learned to work quickly and scrappily to answer unknowns in a project. I have also collaborated and worked with diverse sets of people to ship time-bound solutions. These traits help me produce results.
As a hobbyist hardware tinkerer, I have learned to think through my hands and learn through doing. I love being able to jump across mediums to explore ideas. "
Emphaty and collaboration are strong qualities that I'm pretty sure everyone in the makeathon need to have. In addition to those qualities, I have a strong sense of self awarness, which allow me to understand others better, and more than 7 years of experiences in small and large family business and corporations
"As a designer, I understand the importance of visual and textual narrative for the development of any project. I’ve learned how to quickly assess a new problem space, find kernels of a story waiting to be told, and develop a strategy for the greatest possible impact using the tools at hand. I am also able to communicate quickly through drawing and diagramming in order to visualize abstract relationships. In an endeavor as fast-paced as the makeathon, these skills will be essential.

From a technical standpoint, I am proficient with graphic design, illustration, and 3D modeling. I also have some experience with using Unity and C# to develop virtual reality experiences in the HTC Vive and Gear VR. Thus I will be able to produce the user-facing aspects of the project we develop. "
1) My previous product management experiences will help the team to define use cases, and work backwards to solutions. 2) I am able to work with developers and UX designers. 3) My business acumen can help the team to figure business model and sustainable finance formula. 
In my previous architectural experiences, I developed a wide range of skills from digital to fabrication, and have been working an dealing with design, construction documents and model making. I pretty enjoyed problem solving and approaches design in a logical way. During my study in Harvard, I began to fascinate about the way how design and technology can be integrated in a powerful way and start to think about the connections between people, emerging technologies and their social, cultural and physical spaces. I’ve worked as an intern UXUI designer and am familiar with using programs, like Sketch and Axure, to design app interface and workflows. I am currently a research member in MIT Mobile Experience Lab and doing study on how to use new media and digital technologies to chaining the insurance paradigm for a bette customer experience. As a bright individual with competent design sense and practical research knowledge, I would be thrilled to make contribution in the makeathon. 
I have a lot of rapid prototyping and fabrication experience, a strong technical background, and a deep interest in design. I also care about making a meaningful product and using technology for good. 
As a freshman in college with a diverse array of interests, I have a background that some might characterize as being a mile wide and an inch deep.  I've studied, and enjoyed, everything from physics and philosophy to engineering design and computer science, and I admit that in all of these areas there are plenty of people with far more expertise and knowledge than me.  However, I would also like to believe that in the realm of design and innovation it is exactly this type of diversity and inexperience that is extremely valuable and often under-appreciated.  My multi-disciplinary background and technical "innocence", so to speak, gives me a unique perspective with which to approach design questions and problems and allows me to generate solutions that those with a narrower and deeper background might miss.  
"As a former investment banking analyst and private equity associate, I developed strong quantitative and analytical skills, as well as the ability to evaluate business concepts and feasibility. I hope to put these skills to work at the makeathon with my team. 
Moreover, as a joint degree student of policy and business, my interests lie at the cross-section of the public and private sectors. As the CoLab works to use technologies to reshape major societal systems, I hope that my cross-sector perspective can be additive to the team. 
While I am only beginning to develop my design know-how, I have taken initial steps toward that end, including enrolling in a course on behavioral psychology to comprehend the implications of psychological biases and choice architecture on people’s behavior. The makeathon would give me the opportunity to apply these lessons while leveraging the power of technology. "
"
My foundation skills were developed while pursing my undergraduate studies for a Bachelors in Architecture (B.Arch) in 2009, after which I worked as an architect and installation designer for 5 years. I wanted to focus my work on designing extraordinary experiences for users, which is why I pursued a Masters in Design studies (M.Des) from Harvard Graduate School of Design (GSD) in 2016, which allowed me to explore UX design and learn different tools and technologies. I have been working as a UX designer for the past 8 months at cultureNOW. I enjoy and am good at making quick prototypes in the form of physical models, 3D’s and for design concepts. 
I think I would be a good fit for the makeathon because I start my projects by studying how people think in a given situation to create easy to understand interfaces. I really enjoy finding non-obvious ignored everyday problems and working on creating solutions to the given question which bring about a sense of empathy and emotion. "
I love ideating and building things. As a structural engineer I love designing and get a satisfaction in seeing them built
I will bring my project management skills along with my business insight and entrepreneurial spirit to the table. As a project manager in LeapFrog Investments, I worked closely with CEOs and junior employees. The ability to  build credibility across all levels of a company is key when working in a diverse setting, such as teams in Makeathon. In addition, having direct access to high-level decision makers helped me understand how they think and build strategies. This insight will be helpful when forming user-centric solutions for our clients. Finally, given most of my career was involved in pioneering initiatives such as developing new fundraising strategies for a microfinance organization, I will enter Makeathon with a high-level of entrepreneurial spirit. Overall, I believe I will be an asset in Makeathon as I can help teams align interests across multiple stakeholders, share valuable business insights and instill a curious and risk-taking attitude to help clients problem-solve.
... Skill in several programming languages, a fascination with human-centered design, and a commitment to constant innovation can change the world. I know I have the background and the passion to start something game-changing at this makeathon. I will drive myself and others to overcome the world's obstacles in the most spectacular way possible.
One of my greatest strengths is appreciating and bringing out the strengths in others. That is what I love most about problem-solving, how it demands the very best of all of us, together. I was the Founder and President of my high school’s chapter of Future Problem Solvers, a program that focused on long-term international problems, such as desertification or the global workplace. I would lead my team in two hour sprints to find the underlying problems and questions before brainstorming a solution and action plan. I learned to tailor our sprints to highlight the strengths of each individual with time for both the analysts and the dreamers to shine. My experience with problem-solving is built on my interdisciplinary background. I believe that complex challenges demand an understanding of the intersection of the arts and sciences. I have spent a lifetime pursuing art and music alongside my love for science. Thus far, I have begun my exploration of biology and gene editing and more recen
My background, while heavily quantitative, is highly diverse. Throughout my education and work in industry I have been trained as an engineer in everything from the design process to team collaboration to applied physical sciences to production. I have worked on numerous projects built around mechanical, electrical and visual engineering, and have a strong understanding of the skills needed to bring an idea to life as well as the process required to do so. Further, I also have a very strong background in Computer Science. In this area I've worked on projects ranging from social networks to mobile applications to web apps to analytics apps to simulations and so much more. With software well established as integral to technology, this background is paramount in solving the worlds problems. Finally, I have spent more time than most studying physics, giving me great problem solving skills and physical intuition. This combination of training equips me well to tackle any technical challenge
I come from a Design+Tech background, am jumping into Business Startegy with Diplomacy Skills and I just love the spirit/vibe of the company!
"I am a policy expert with background in civil servic working on helping the government make technological transition and using technology to improve the services it delivers to its citizens. In one of the field classes at Harvard Kennedy School our team is working with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in developing a special product for some of their users.

Coming from the policy side of things, I have limited coding skills, but I have extensive experience working with the users of government services and like to find innovative systemic solutions to complex problems."
Instead of having a T where I am deeply knowledgeable about one thing, I'm an X. 1) Quantitative. I've taken courses in finance, stats and real estate. 2) Policy. I have knowledge of transit and urban policy through my urban planning masters. 3) I'm currently at the GSD studying design. 4) I understand a problem by intensely listening and doing ethnographic research. As a support facilitator, I've learned the issues mentioned often have a different cause when you dig deeper. 
I am a great listener; I have loads of experience with prototyping; I have loads of CAD experience;  I have worked on many different types of hardware products (jet engines, solar power systems, prosthetics, MRI tech, DIY projects galore); I love to solve problems (hopefully in ways that create LESS problems).
I am experienced with idea generation, design thinking, web design and development, User experience and UI design, App Design, research and designing for VR, and branding. These skills allow me to build ideas fast and effectively to illustrate the intention behind.  
My experience both in technical and policy positions uniquely positions me to think about how to answer traditionally non-technical problems, such as those addressed by IDEO's partners, using technological and qualitative tools.  My diverse work and academic experiences have afforded me with a diverse set of tools, from research, to coding, rapid prototyping, sketching, and modeling. On a more personal note, having worked in varied environments both independently and as part of a team, I believe that my ability to contribute to a supportive and productive working environment will be as important as my technical contributions. 
I have been making things my whole life and in this current day and age, my history producing applications on a computer has proven to be incredibly valuable in helping solve real-world problems. At the same time, my current journey is showing me business side of the world and I'm having a fantastic time drawing parallels between the two and applying as many ideas from one to the other as I can. I believe this provides me with a holistic view that allows me to engage with problems anywhere from looking at them from 10,000ft to mere inches off the ground. 
"I am a collaborator. I believe no one is or need to be perfect. The thing I am good at is something making me special. That is also why we need each other, because we can shine in our own domain and also enjoy the light from others. 

Skills:
I am very good at making things. In 3D,  I am proficient with Laser Cutter and 3D Printer. I work   with a wide variety of woodworking hand tools and power tools. Furthermore, I am skilled in forming sheet metal using shop tools. 

Also, I enjoy making scenarios and using graphic to communicate. Sometimes, I made videos and gifs for better clarity. (big love for gifs)

Softwares:Rhinoceros, Solidworks, Keyshot, Cinema 4D, Final Cut, Adobe CC (photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere, Bridge, Fuse), Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 

Background:
I am an international student from China, which means another side of the earth. I can definitely look at things from another point of view. "
I have a broad skill set and a diverse background (which helps me think outside the box). I also work well with others and enjoy participating in hackathons/makeathons.
I've attended hackathons before and yet, after an externship with the design company Mad*Pow, I have a whole new lens of design and usability based product development. I've started small by creating my personal website but I plan on funneling my academic skills (comprehensiveness and discipline from writing mathematical proofs, attention to detail and patience from coding, creativity and aesthetic sense from writing poems for national magazines) into a new path of design. I'm currently learning more and more about usability testing, integrating biometrics into effective product evaluation, the principles of digital and experience design, and much more. This makeathon would be a nice way to augment and propel an exciting path in design education and experimentation.
I think my background demonstrates strong creative thinking, a willingness to try new things, and a free-spirited nature that would fit in well with the makeathon. I’ve participated in two IDEO CoLabs in the past and through them cut my teeth on design-thinking and prototype development and iteration. Outside of that direct experience though, I’ve dipped my feet in a variety of different fields and interests ranging from Harvard’s Design Team, to a campus group working on effective community organizing, to an Environmental Consulting group. I get excited about things easily and am always willing to jump in and learn about a new industry or a new set of skills. In addition to that, I think my academic experience in particular, equips me with a systems-level thinking necessary to work holistically with these technologies and the business models that deliver them. 
I like prototyping anything and everything!
"I will bring experience in user research and rapid prototyping. Over the last years, I worked on HCD projects and workshops with ReWork, DCDT Summer School of Design, OpenIDEO DC, Continuum and MIT Design Club, and several governments from India and Liberia to Poland, UK, and the City of Boston. I also applied it in my projects and ventures (Brickonomics).  I used HCD in various programs and settings and love making things (apps, prototypes, paintings, stuff). I will bring experience in: i) ethnographic research even with marginalized and difficult populations, ii) rapid prototyping, iii) user testing, iv) synthesizing, including developing personas, journey maps, empathy maps etc. 
I will also bring international perspective of innovation programs from around the world (Asia, Africa, Europe, US). "
"In my undergraduate studies, I worked as a research assistant for a lab that worked with a Rehabilitation Institute. Leveraging a background in biomechanics and mechatronics I was able to develop targeted solutions to aid the physical recovery of rehabilitation patients. During this time I developed a passion for human-centered design principles. 

Being at the forefront of innovation and spearheading technological advancements is where I see myself in the future. Through the Engineering Design Innovation program at Northwestern, I am developing a stronger foundation for innovation and creative thinking. I want to attack every problem and create successful and lasting solutions. 

I know that I can not do this alone. I know the power of a team. I understand when it is important to stand up and lead a team and also when it is important to follow. I am able to fill in gaps and also leverage the strengths of individuals to realize a team that is greater than the sum of its parts."
Because I'm a maker as well as a designer! I was previously trained as an Industrial Engineer, in which time I practiced a lot of hands-on projects of electrical design, mechanical design, and programming. Then when I turned to learn about human-centered design, I started designing the interface between human and various technologies, including graphical UI, IoT, AR and data. Thus I would say I have a diverse background in engineering, and an expertise in designing for better user experience, which I believe is relevant and valuable to this makeathon!
I've worked with a variety of different prototyping platforms, on both the mechanical (SolidWorks), hardware (Arduinos, sensors) and software (AI, web apps) side, so I'll be a 'full-stack' contributor to the makeathon 
With a background in architectural history and design, and a smattering of coding skills, I problem solve by thinking about how sensory perception changes our cognizance of real or invented space. This is relevant as I conceptualize societal systems in terms of space, often as complex networks that groups perceive through a specific lens or sense. My point of view is valuable because it insists on making as a tool for community-based and not just user-based design. 
"The most relevant component of my background is my participation and leadership role in my university’s chapter of Design for America. DFA is essentially a university version of IDEO, in that we are creating solutions to social and community problems using human centered design and the iterative design thinking process. As a member of DFA over the past few semesters, I have worked with my team on creating a digital solution to aid in promoting creative work in Los Angeles area STEM high schools. 

Additionally, my technical skills combined with my design and creative abilities enable me to be parts of all facets of ideation and creation, and to iterate and prototype quickly. It allows me to work well with almost any team of any composition, as I can very effectively lead or be lead by individuals of extremely varying backgrounds, acting almost as an interface between group members from disparate backgrounds. These skills are also directly related to all of the makeathon topics."
 I have extensive experience with Stata and Excel analysis tools as well as programming languages such as C, R, and Python. I am also comfortable with building models and various data science algorithms. Moreover, through my past two and a half years on Harvard’s student government, I have been involved in initiatives which require substantial collaboration, and I have learned to negotiate the diverse interests and priorities of students, administrators, and other faculty, making both time management and communication top priorities in any work I do. Through my work for an Israeli cyber security startup,  I have also conducted business-related research, ranging from client outreach to contributing to the capture of an advanced persistent threat, and the eventual published report on its capture. My strong interpersonal and communication skills, my experience with research and data, and my familiarity with a number of computer science languages could all be valuable in a makeathon.  
While I am an engineering major, my interest in energy studies and global sustainability gives me a broader picture and allows me to think more globally rather than just linearly. Skills-wise, I've had the chance to work on projects ranging from testing 3-D print files to building a full-scale Mars type rover, which encompassed everything from making the CAD files to machining parts in the shop. This has given me a sense of what is/isn't practical development/product wise, and has also given me the opportunity to work with software, electrical and other science teams. While my experience isn't extensive, I think my problem-solving abilities as an engineer and my ability to work on teams (I have had to in academic and sport settings) are my greatest assets in terms of the skills I bring to the table for the makeathon.
"I worked as a Corporate Development & Innovation analyst with Choice Hotels. I was part of a team tasked with creating a vacation rental product to diversify the company's revenues. This experience made me comfortable dealing with ambiguity and working with undefined business problems.

I currently serve as a facilitator for the alpha program in my church's teenage ministry. I help the teens approach various issues holistically from multiple perspectives, ensure that each person's view is considered in moving our discussions forward, and create a safe space where every idea can be presented without judgment.

I completed a user experience design program at General Assembly where I was exposed to design thinking and human-centered design principles. I worked on individual and team projects designing applications and gained experience in user research, rapid prototyping, user testing, wireframing etc. I am excited to bring these skills and experiences to the makeathon.
"
I am a “dual citizen” of two fields: the creative and the analytical. Prior to coming to Harvard, I worked for a decade as a TV reporter around the globe with a variety of cultures, age groups, and people from different backgrounds. That experience has made me a humble and emphatic listener and interviewer that really tunes in to people’s needs and creates personas. User experience research and user experience design is what I am good at. At the same time, I bring coding experience in Python and a data science background to the table, and I have created content for AR/VR. 
"Ever since I remember, I've been creating technology. I passionately enjoy tinkering with emerging technologies (especially embodied technologies like AR/VR), because these creations have great potential to empower society. 

I have expertise & deep passion in several areas of emerging technology development, collaborating with MIT,PBS,Qualcomm,Samsung,GeorgiaTech,etc. My passion for learning & prototyping novel technology drove me to be skilled in many languages (C++,C#/Unity,Java,Obj-C,Python,PHP,Assembly..) and domains (education,children,AR/VR,IoT,AI,lasers,magnets,..). I love researching (qualitative/quantitative) the intersection of user values and technology potential. I am passionate as team manager, love empowering people to grow their skills, and contributing to a larger vision.
 
In the process I have received awards, created publications, and organized groups. Learn more about me:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/iulian-radu/
http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~iulian/
"
"The content (technology) and the format (design thinking) of this makeathon fits closely with my multidisciplinary background spanning design thinking, engineering, and entrepreneurship.

- As a Design Strategist at Johnson & Johnson and co-founder of OpenIDEO Toronto, I have extensive experience applying human-centered design with global clients and local communities.
- As an Mechatronics Engineering graduate, I have a solid grasp on both the possibilities and limits of emerging technologies, or one might call their “first principles.” I also have the technical skills to build prototypes, as I have done in the past.
- As an entrepreneur, my bias towards action energizes the entire team to find resources, test assumptions, and turn ideas into reality in the shortest amount of time possible.

I’ve been closely following CoLab, and sharing your thinking with my network. As an example, I recently facilitated a workshop for Blockchain Canada, building on a 2015 blog ""Humans+Bits+Blocks."""
I would say that my background and skills give me a solid technical foundation and a strong understanding of teamwork and collaborative processes. I have experience with programming, fabrication and electrical prototyping. So I think I’m well-equipped to understand the technical components of the makeathon topics. At the same time, I’ve spent the last two years working extensively on team projects. I think I’ve developed a good understanding of how I work in a team, learned how to make my voice heard and learned how to support the voices of others. I’ve also gotten exposure to design techniques, design-thinking, and user-centered design. And I’ve picked up some entrepreneurial values too. I think that I have a solid foundation to integrate myself well into this makeathon, share what I know and learn with others.
I LOVE making things and solving problems. Even in business school, any time I can make something, whether it's a product prototype or a spreadsheet with financial projections, I am happy and engaged. To be able to "make" you must also continuously learn. Throughout my life, I’ve encountered very unique ways of learning. I was homeschooled until the 9th grade, and then attended an arts academy for high school where I did everything from graphic design to photography (developing real film back then!). I then chose to major in Chinese language while attending Colby College, and took a job in international marketing that brought me all over the world organizing MBA admissions events. Currently as a business school student, I’ve learned to harness my energy for creating and melded it with Babson’s spirit of teamwork to solve real world problems. I’m a maker who loves working in teams, and I would love to be part of the makeathon. 
Before moving to US from Turkmenistan, Ashgabat at the age of 14, drawing in MS Paint and sending a birthday e-card to my mom at an internet cafe, which took about an hour to send, were my only experiences with a computer. Though I didn’t quite know what I would find in America, I knew it was a place where human kind reached for the stars and sent men on the moon. Living here and seeing it for myself far exceeded my expectations. Coming from a place where my artistic inclinations would have been regarded rather useless, here my passions were validated and found new avenues of self-expression through the platform of emerging technologies. Design is at the heart of culture; it is reflected in our language, the way we dress, and in the blueprints of our cities. Good design improves our lives and great design changes the way we live. I believe that diversity is a key ingredient for great design and some of the greatest innovations happen when ideas and ideologies collide.  I think
I have had very global experiences. I grew up in Singapore and, in high school, travelled to six different countries on different programs from ecological field trips to research fairs, from cultural exchange to laboratory experiments. In the 2.5 years that I have been in the US for college, I have not only learnt from peers and mentors from many different countries and backgrounds, but have also led an educational and leadership service program in Cambodia, picked up a third language, and taught in Italy. Although these emerging technologies constitute a very global trend, when they are harnessed to design solutions, many aspects of the implementation need to fit into local contexts, and I can bring useful insights from the time I have spent in these different cultures. I also have strong technical skills in both hardware and software that I am very ready to contribute to my team.
I am an MBA student with experience in IoT and product design; I can do data analysis and draw storyboards. My background in product design allows me to define the business problem quickly and organize the problem-solving process in the team. My skills of product management and business analytics allows me to solve the problem and give the clear roadmap. My bilingual background both in Chinese and English gives me 100% extra insight of business problems. It would be valuable to bring a different angle of thinking to the team.
"As an industrial design student in RISD, I am proficient in 2D and 3D softwares: Photoshop, Illustrator, Solidworks, Rhino, Keyshot and Lightroom; I can work with foam, wood, metal and other materials for model making. My skills and understanding of design principles allow me to brainstorm, design and prototype very quickly. 

Before studying at RISD, I attended the University of Notre Dame as a business major for two years, during which I developed a business mind set. I consider the combination of design and business as an advantage, which allows me think from different perspectives. 

Moreover, the team working and problem solving skills stood out as one of my advantages when I succeeded in co-founding a startup company with three partners. I demonstrated my ability by coordinating the team and promoting the brand by UI/UX designs of the website.

In brief, I believe my diverse background and skill are valuable and relevant to this makeathon."
"My undergrad background is in Biology- and my graduate background is now in architecture and product design. All of those degrees combined really have helped me to understand design from different perspectives, while also preserving what I did learn in Biology- such as the scientific method- which helps in design process thinking. 

As well as my background, I have done numerous challenges that have involved Wharton MBA students, Penn engineering and product design students. I have done the Penn Healthcare Innovation Challenge in Spring 2015 with business/engineering/healthcare students. https://issuu.com/eternalized/docs/pennhealthcarechallengeteam6v2 I am also currently involved the PennDesign Wharton Challenge right now that is redesigning airport security to be more efficient and safe for passengers. These challenges and teamwork competitions have equipped me to be a better team member. 
"
"I’ve always been the person who looks to make the community around him better to help me grow as a person. It’s been the reason why I started Boston College’s first on-campus student food delivery service for the campus’ dining halls. With notoriously long dining hall lines and with the chilly New England winter, no one wants to go in to the dining hall to get food or even go outside to walk to get their food. Enter KartBC, which has caught fire as students realized they could place an order and get their food in less than 30 minutes. 
As someone without a technical background, even coding together the relatively simple website took a lot of time and research for me to get the look I wanted. From there, I’ve had a chance to create a team of people with similar goals of community building to help get this service to the masses. I’ve also had a chance to meet with others in the Boston College entrepreneurship community and had a chance to learn about new businesses happening around camp"
"I am proficient in a diverse kit of softwares, including Rhino, Adobe Creative Suite, AutoCAD, Meshmixer, Blender, Processing, and more; and I have taught myself some coding and scripting, with languages like Java, on the side. I have to be flexible in my studio classes, regularly learning new softwares as the need arises.

Not to mention, I'm all about going from design to product, with modeling experience from wood and metal shop tools to laser cutters to 3d printers. I have a quick grasp, gained from experience, of smart ways to make an idea tangible."
My interest in design has grown naturally out of my prior experience in public relations and marketing, which helped me develop skills that support my current design work: looking at a problem from the client's perspective, understanding their challenges and pain points, conducting effective interviews that dig deeper than standard talking points, and telling stories in a way that truly connects with people. I'm active in the Boston VR/AR community and have pursued several VR design projects to date, including a team submission to the U.S. Department of Education's EdSim Challenge and a Chinese language learning game that was recently selected for Harvard's Venture Incubation Program. Most of all, I love learning from other people in a team environment and work hard to ensure we make the most of everyone's unique strengths.
"My academic and professional experiences have exposed me to the interconnected challenges that lie at the root of the complex human system of education, and the ineffectiveness of top-down policies to tackle systemic issues like the achievement gap. A few years ago, I came across the concept of design thinking while exploring IDEO’s website, and since then have been exploring this powerful problem-solving methodology within the education space. I have applied design thinking to tackle systemic issues across education nonprofits, startups, and higher education.

I am adept at UX, product, and learning experience design, including problem-framing, competitive analysis, user research and testing, and rapid prototyping. Within a team, I bring strong project management and leadership skills as well as writing and presentation skills. I am looking forward to the opportunity to dive deep into the design thinking process at the IDEO CoLab Makeathon."
"As an industrial designer I have to generate and deliver ideas quickly and clearly through visual and verbal communication. Out side of school, I have held workshops coaching principles and methods of human-centered thinking to college students as well as elementary school kids. From my participation in multiple hackathons I have experience creating minimum viable prototypes within limited time. In addition I am currently taking a Brown University course studying the underlying infrastructure that supports the Internet and designing networks and experiments to enhance understanding of our hyper-connected world, as well as exploring variety of research and entrepreneurship opportunities from our designs and experiments. I believe that my grasp of the process of design thinking and knowledge of the Internet will allow me to make valuable contributions to this makeathon. 
"
"
As a Statistics concentrator (pursuing the Data Science track), I enjoy applying statistical analysis to solve problems. This summer, I enhanced my data analysis skills through my work with MapLight as a Data Analyst intern. While examining data sets on both campaign finance contributions and legislative bills, I developed analytical models to shed light on voting results. As an intern with the Translational Research Informatics Department at City of Hope after my junior year in high school, I investigated how epigenetic research affects diabetes. My team and I utilized machine learning methods to build predictive models that predict the health status of diabetic patients. These varied experiences allow me to provide relevant input on projects centered around gaining insights from complex data and strengthened my ability to work with a goal-driven mindset. I hope to bring my various professional experiences and technical foundations to shape the CoLab makethon in a positive manner. 
"
My background and skills are valuable to this makeathon because I developed a major that integrates computer science, design, and art studio in order to create projects that integrate the community and allows them to understand subjects. Furthermore, I worked at Fort Bend Public Library Makerspace and helped create curriculum and tools that allows for people of various ages to be involved in the MakerSpace and to become more tech-literate. In that role, I worked with various emerging technologies such as a 3D printer to make the community more involved with the library. In addition, I am an intern at NPR Visuals that create tools and products that showcases journalism integrity and to help reporters and writers tell their stories more fully. 
"I can help connect the dots between the different members of a Makeathon team. As a 2nd year Computer Science and Cognitive Science: Design and Interaction student, I am working towards building a strong multifaceted background that will help me solve relevant problems in unique, interdisciplinary ways. I seek to use my degree in computer science, as technical foundation to my learning, while my coursework in Cognitive Science brings a human aspect into my thinking, which I think is vital. We are a world filled with humans, and it is vital for one to empathize with others, in designing solutions.

What I really gain from this multifaceted educational background is the ability to put on multiple caps, and work in teams to get things done.  I am a program manager for organizations on campus relating to Engineering and Business and so I feel that cross-functional collaboration is one of my strengths, which I can use that to be an effective contributor to a team at the Makeathon."
"My background and skills revolve around design, technology, and the interplay between the two. I have formal training and experience as a graphic designer and I'm currently seeking a master's degree in industrial design. On my off-time, I like to dabble in diverse technologies and the coding languages that support them. In addition, I'm interested in being able to present conceptual models through 3D rendering. I believe my design skill-set and enthusiasm for emerging technologies can be valuable and contribute to the making at the makeathon. 
"
"I’m multi-faceted! As a CS major, I can lend insight on the abilities and limits of emerging technologies. As a Psychology minor, I have knowledge in research design and human behavior. At the makeathon, I can ask critical questions, work with a team to explore solutions, and think through implementation and evaluation.

However, my greatest assets derive from nonprofit work. I’m skilled in listening to stakeholders, innovating existing systems, communicating complex ideas, and empathizing with diverse people. The technical skills I have a CS/Psychology student and the teamwork, communication, and ideation I’ve gained in a nonprofit are transferable to the makeathon. I can understand important ideas, ask critical questions, collaborate with diverse teams, develop innovative ideas, and empathize with various individuals. Finally, as my broad interests suggest, I’m eager to learn. Where else might be best learn besides getting hands-on experience with others as curious about the future?"
"I am able to carefully balance critical design with impactful design. Whether it was in graduate design school where I was engaging in speculative design provocations of the future of work and IoT or at a healthcare startup where I was prototyping wearables for emotional learning for the elderly, I am able to push for insights through the practice of making. 
In a world that is teetering on an empathy vacuum, intense work sessions like these are vital towards gaining perspective into the paradigm of bridging the gap between technology innovation and human needs. "
I am a front-end engineer and because of my background in behavioral economics I take a user-centered approach to solve problems. I truly believe the user-centered approach is key to solving hard, complex problems and that this approach allows me to tackle challenges with confidence.
Used to work as a Design Lead at Tencent, China’s leading Internet company, I was at the forefront of the rapidly developing Internet industry in China. Here, I got to work with outstanding user experience designers, who constantly inspired and helped me advance my professional ability. I designed Internet products ranging from software on personal computer to websites and mobile applications for iOS and Android platforms.
"I have developed a deeply engrained User Experience design ideology and thinking pattern owing to my experience of working for and consulting with multiple startups. This is the mindset that allowed me to reshape  strategies of 3 startups, one of which saw its quarterly revenues go up by over 150%. Identifying problems and being able to absorb and process information is a quality I possess.I have observed this is an increasingly rare quality due to the trend of people becoming more specialised and narrowly focused than ever before. I have been a rover of sorts with my roles and choice of organisations and have also travelled across the world and have deeply understood various cultures which has let keep a broad mindset . 
I have also been an avid puzzle solver since when I was a kid. I am also most excited by challenges and produce my best results when faced with complex and deep problems like the ones that will be thrown at us in the makeathon."
"I bring a lot of experience with creative writing, having written for the Harvard Lampoon for the past three years. Comedy writing probably doesn’t seem like the most natural lead-in to product design, but it has given me a playful, try-anything attitude that has really changed how I approach projects over this time. I don’t necessarily think there is a right way of doing anything, but I do think there are better methods, and outcomes that are more suited towards a goal than others. I also think that in most cases the only way to discover these outcomes is to try several different approaches and work into whichever is yielding the best results. I think of this as creative malleability, and it is a manner of approaching projects which has really helped me find creative opportunity in set-building for films, project design for electrical engineering (last year I worked with a team to build a photoreactive theremin in a class), and even just with pitching jokes to a room of friends. 

"
I bring a unique combination of skills and personal traits that make me a useful team member. While psychology has taught me how people tend to think and interact with the world, my other passions and activities have taught me equally important skills. As a musician, I’m used to practicing creativity through writing and performance, as well as thinking quickly on my feet when things don’t go as planned. As an events chair, I have experience handling the many details of large-scale projects from start to finish. As a peer mental health educator, I am compassionate, empathetic, and able to actively listen to others and what they need, making me a communicative and cooperative team member. Lastly, I am able to pick up skills very quickly due to my intrinsic curiosity. After working at design company for a few weeks, I learned enough HTML, CSS, and Sketch to create a personal website, linked above, although I had no prior coding experience. 
"I bring strong skills in listening and integrating different perspectives. I've often worked with teams where people had different perspectives and needed to be the one to help bridge gaps and allow the team to work together as effectively as possible. For example, in my last role I was facilitation a team of technologists and criminal justice staff, including police officers. 

"
I am a unique fit to the mix of multi-disciplinary teams that come together in the CoLab makeathon. I am a creative but I am also a techie. I am a marketer but I have also a strong foundation in psychology. I have a curiosity about almost everything around me and challenge myself by constantly thinking of ideas and different solutions. By working at companies such as 20th Century FOX and Ogilvy & Mather, I developed a passion for telling stories that could inspire people and loved brainstorming new effective ways and formats through which stories could be told in the digital world. This is why I decided to focus my master's degree at NYU in learning about VR and AR because they are completely redefining what it means to tell powerful stories. Therefore, I believe that my positive energy, my creativity and tech skills combined with my passion around VR/AR and new technologies will have a positive contribution to this year's CoLab makeathon.           
I thrive when given the opportunity to work unconventionally and collaboratively. I have quantitative analysis skills, and I am able to break down problems and quickly translate them into a process I can work through. As an example, as a student organizer at Tufts University, I am currently co-running a campaign advocating for low-income students and more inclusive financial aid policies. This campaign involves several hundred Tufts students, and I have spent the semester building capacity, conducting outreach, coordinating meetings and events, representing the campaign to students and in meetings with administrators, and developing an over-arching strategy for campaign growth. This campaign was born out of a need to approach student organizing differently –  to bring together disparate student activist groups, centralize resources, and create a unified platform for student campaigns. 
"As a designer, my work with Scratch at the MIT Media Lab and Boxer Computer Environment at UC Berkeley has allowed me to develop and polish my design research and ideation skills under some of the best and most forward-thinking visionaries in the field. 

As a design student, I’ve pushed my boundaries to ask hard questions in every project, often times looking up to IDEO’s design challenges as inspiration. For example, my project PooF was inspired by OpenIDEO’s design challenge and work being done at the Future + Food CoLab on reimagining the food systems. Going from research all the way to a final testing prototypes, I take a stride at exploring how a possible new nano-technology may help create positive behaviors towards food to reduce food waste.
 
As a person, I’ve walked the shoes of those in a rural village of Bangladesh where I was born and raised to the privileged ones of those walking down Harvard’s University’s Appian Way, inspiring my desire to connect humans everywhere."
I was a restless student; too excited to be amongst friends in the classroom where learning seemed tedious. I built strong empathy for people who were forced to participate in important yet painful tasks. I am committed to transforming organizations and communities. With ten years of professional experience and eight years of business studies in 11 countries, my purpose is to bring high-impact ideas to the public, social, and private sector. My background is in entrepreneurship - running startups or consulting organizations on new ventures. I have worked as an advisor for a broad spectrum of organizations, ranging from large multinationals (such as Toyota and Miele) and public organizations (such as the US Department of Commerce, the UK Department of Transportation, and the Hellenic Ministry of Education) to tens of startups around the world. I hold an M.B.A in Global Strategy (honors) and an M.S. in Global Marketing from Thunderbird. I am currently pursuing my Master in Public Admin.
"My experience since the CoLab Makeathon in 2016 has driven me to understand, academically and otherwise, the underlying factors that influence human behavior. I am fascinated by the trust (and lack thereof) that we place in our technologies, and the effects that experience can yield on use patterns and beliefs. 

Working alongside 3 undergraduate friends at the UPenn, I’ve been working to explore the role that trust plays in consumer adoption of IoT objects, as well as the actual trust embedded into such objects’ firmware. In the wake of 2016’s DDoS attack, it became clear that default passwords on security cameras and other IoT devices were commonplace. My human-driven research has also addressed differing perceptions of reality at the hands of visual manipulation. This year, I've focused on how people believe what is real. AR/VR technologies have great potential to influence and inform a citizenry, and I’d love to work in a team to explore new solutions!"
I adore "bissocation"--putting together two things that seemingly don't have a connection. Also, I've taught brainstorming and constantly seek new ways to work better
I have background in Graphic design and currently studying Interaction Design now, which is super relevant to this Makeathon!
I have a strong background in visual design as well as concepting and hope to bring that to a inter-disciplinary team.
"I see myself as a very strong creative generalist, which is not ideal in every situation but highly valuable in a makeathon, where I can quickly support a small team with illustration, photography, storyboarding, UX/UI prototyping, or, my areas of focus, graphic design and design thinking. Additionally, I think that my expertise in graphic arts and human-centered design strategy is uniquely paired with the analytical mindset of a research scientist that my education in life sciences has trained me to have.

As the daughter of a Silicon Valley investor in emerging technologies and a student in a school and city at the forefront of some of these technologies, I think that I’d be a good participant in this year’s CoLab makeathon in particular because of my familiarity with current research, creative endeavors and broader philosophical discourses in AR/VR, IoT and AI."
As an engineer I am familiar with the design process, and have electrical, mechanical,  and computer engineering technical skills that could better our makeathon product. This makeathon also calls for a person that is cooperative and truly knows how to collaborate well, and my background in working in so many teams I think would prove an asset to the makeathon.
"My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because I am someone who likes stepping forward to make sure my opinion is heard, but also makes a point to step back and listen to what everyone else is saying. My background is in designing objects with an engineering mindset and an aesthetic mindset, so I can communicate well with both sides of the design world to make the process from ideation to creation much smoother. 

I am also skilled at making prototypes using machines like lasercutters and 3D printers, but I can also make what I need to by hand."
I am a writer-turned-designer who dabbles in code and is fascinated by added new skills and ways of thinking to her repertoire. I love modifying research methods based on tight constraints, such as time, money, or materials available. Storytelling surrounds everything I make and is the color I use to bring a vision to life.
"I’m a T-shaped business designer with a deep set of business #skillz combined with experiences across industries and regions:
Skills
* Analytics: at business school, I’m majoring in statistics and have taken courses in modern data mining techniques. For example, I analyzed 10,000 reviews from Amazon using data from Kaggle and natural language processing in R. 
* Product Management: last summer, I worked with eight software engineers to build new features for a consumer internet product. For example, I helped launch a new sign-in feature using Facebook.
* Strategy: prior to business school, I performed research and analysis at a social enterprise that serves 400,000 customers. For example, I used IDEO’s Human-Centered Design Toolkit to launch a new business line in Ethiopia.
Experiences
* Technology: product manager at a series C machine learning startup in Silicon Valley
* International Development: strategy manager at a social enterprise in Africa
* Finance: investor on Wall Street
"
I bring a cross-cutting, internationally-minded viewpoint backed up by strong design skills, practiced analytical capability, and a constant drive towards creation and exploration. 
My experience on urban analysis and problem-solving not solely through the lens of an urban designer or planner but also with consideration to the multitude of agents that form the built environment, triggered my interest in technology focused design. I believe my background in urbanism along with my skills in geospatial analysis, data visualization and simulation can apply to various stages of design research, idea development and implementation. In addition, I am passionate about contributing to research, initial visualization of information that can support design decision, communication between teams and communication with the clients. 
"I’ve been a maker as long as I can remember. I recall one elementary school afternoon when I took all of my toys—from a bulky Lite-Brite cube to individual Legos—and arranged them in my living room to outline what I imagined the floor plan of the Titanic must have looked like. 

I realized quite early that my passions don’t align with any particular technical fields. Instead, I am most energized simply by building solutions that *work*. I’ve gotten equal gratification from developing a course curriculum to fit the unique demands of a student multimedia publication as I have from conceptualizing a new brand identity to unify two prominent initiatives of Stanford’s Political and Civil Society Lab. This varied experience is particularly relevant for the CoLab Makeathon. I know how to design for education, business, advocacy, healthcare, visual media, and more. I speak the unique language of these different industries and am well accustomed to collaborating on interdisciplinary teams."
"Business perspective on digital tech's impact: for the past two years I have worked directly with the market-facing execs of a leading digital consulting practice, getting firsthand insight into how leading private/public sector organizations are adapting to emerging technologies. This has included helping define and stand-up Deloitte’s AR/VR consulting practice.

Direct design experience: I took a weeklong, immersive human-centered design from the Austin Center for Design and have applied the HCD process to solving real-world tech-focused challenges, including the nation’s largest retail network and a government agency with multi-billion dollar budget.  

Personal approach: In addition to extensive professional experience working in teams to solve time-sensitive ambiguous problems through iteration/prototyping, I have a personal background in creative expression (copyrighted a play, perform spoken word poetry) that will add a unique dimension to my Makeathon team's design process. "
For the past five years I have focused on developing the technology entrepreneurship ecosystem in Africa. This has involved preparing 8 startups for venture funding, advising 15+ mobile and web startups, and designing mobile communication programs to provide health and agriculture content in local languages through voice and SMS. I think there is a lot of value in bringing these perspectives and these approaches to tackling opportunities from emerging technologies. At the end of the day technology needs to solve human problems. I will bring experiences of creating technology solutions and business models to address human problems ranging from maternal health education to pricing information to farmers. This background will be helpful during the makeathon to keep a focus on the end-user and on addressing basic and essential problems and opportunities. 
* I believe my Political Economy background at Berkeley, enriched with a concentration in Global Poverty and Development, has shaped my growing UI/UX design career in an interesting way, as I am able to more deeply understand the role of technology in changing societies and how this can affect the relationship between political and economic systems in a global context. I believe we are in an interesting and historic time right now with tumultuous political and economic climates, coupled with industry-changing emerging technologies, and I am deeply interested in pairing the human-centered design process with emerging technologies to solve the world’s most pressing problems — in particular, designing new strategies for sustainable farming and ethical fashion practices.
I have experience in UI/UX, research, wireframing, and design prototyping. I am accustomed to thinking abstractly, then narrowing those ideas down to encompass a systematic way of approaching design prompts and challenges. Design thinking has allowed me to think very detail oriented as well as human oriented, as the products and technologies we create need to be understandable, accessible, and engaging.
I like a challenge, and have worked with teams to confront big questions. I have worked in woodshops, lasercut and hand-built models, designed marketing campaigns, thrown pottery, and overall have a desire and curiosity to make. 
Because I have skills in Rapid Prototyping and experience in product development. I have skills and practice in Contextual Inquiry which I have applied in several settings. Whether Health Care or consumer products,  I have also participated in many teams before and realize how important team relation is to a project and so I try my best to keep the dynamic of the team balanced and positive. 
"First, I have technical experience in unmanned aircraft and aviation. I understand airspace regulations, communication datalinks, and a host of other details that unmanned aviation entails. My personal experience in working with sophisticated, multifaceted hardware systems brings a user-level perspective on managing and troubleshooting complex equipment. 

Secondly, I bring a different perspective on innovation and progress. My experience in a bureaucracy has often frustrated me, but has also given an appreciation for understanding and convincing, as much as “breaking” and “disrupting.” Mega problems, like climate change or the future of work, involve deeply engrained ideas about who I am as an individual and who we are collectively. You can start writing your code from scratch if you are building an Uber for X, but you cannot wipe the slate on social structures. This understanding is critical, I believe, to bringing about change in an inclusive, human-centered way. "
I'm a maker at heart. I have extensive programming experience (iOS dev, web dev, machine learning) as well as hardware experience (Arduino, Raspberry Pi). I also have a keen sense of design and have done a lot of work on need-finding, prototyping and implementation of UI/UX design.
My background is in studio art with some knowledge of code, which I think I could combine well. Through my studio art skills I hope to bring an aesthetic sensibility, and through my experience with creating installations, I hope to make use of my consideration of design not as a single work contained within itself, but as interaction with our world.
My studies and interests encompass exactly what this CoLab stands for: people, technology, innovation and design. While I know I can contribute with the skills I currently have, I am even more excited to learn things that will help me thrive in a design environment such as IDEO - my greatest professional (and personal) aspiration since my arrival to America.
I not only have the creativity for innovative ideas, but also the drive and organization to put those ideas into action. As a member of CS + Social Good’s studio team and as a member of Design for America’s Project Unity, I’ve had the privilege of working with design mentors from Facebook and Stanford’s d.school to help build programs that empower Bay Area housing activists and improve political understanding on campus, respectively. I’ve learnt the importance of listening to others and building off their ideas, maintaining open communication, and taking the initiative in delegating responsibility and scheduling meetings. At the same time, I’ve learnt about the beauty of the design process, of how seemingly unrelated ideas magically come together to form novel insights. As a CS major, I have the relevant technical skills to build useful products. And, as a history major, I believe that my passion for the humanities will help provide a unique perspective throughout the design process. 
Through my involvement in the aforementioned projects I have augmented my prototyping skills by designing website mockups on Sketch and Illustrator and creating 3D models on Autodesk Fusion 360 and SolidWorks. I have the experience to not only participate and guide design thinking exercises but also the heuristic skills to be a fruitful contributor to the prototyping process. Thus, I have both the capacity and the eagerness to be an excellent contributor to this IDEO colab. 
"I am familiar with the imagery language such as Javascript  OpenFramework and WebGL, which give me the advantage to prototype and visualize all the great ideas during the design process, and to provide a rather straight forward motion and graphic user experience for both mobile and Web. During the design challenge in our classes, the first thing is brainstorming ideas and then visualize storyboard, for all the projects I participate I mainly in charge of using Three.js or Unity to quickly initiating  prototype the visual effects of ideas and then push the project to the next step.
I have some experience with both augmented and virtual reality and familiar with the platforms, which gives me the advance to explore new possibilities with mixed reality in the makeathon.
"
"Visual design is incredibly important to the telling of any story, which is the context in which any product exists. Especially in emerging technology, where the future is often intangible to those not familiar with it, visual design is crucial to bringing understanding to all.

I also believe my background in Sociology would be very valuable to this. I believe designers and creators have a social responsibility to be inclusive of and actively advocate for minority and disadvantaged groups. I believe I can bring an interesting and nuanced perspective to the problems that could be tackled, backed by my own dedication to social equality."
"
The people is the piano melody. Their need is the bass. The environment is the percussions. All I need to do is create a solution that goes with those harmonies. I can do that. I’m a dancer.  

Japanese engineers take the design of the kingfisher bird and turn it into the bullet train. Henry Link, one of the founders of Hip-Hop Freestyle, said, “there’s no mistake, every time you make a mistake, you create something new”. Coming from Hip-Hop, I’m trained in making misteak and create something new! 

(MisSteak could be the name of the next best steakhouse!) 






"
As a human-centered designer, mechanical engineer, and current healthcare researcher, I bring in a variety of disparate but related skill sets that can be of utmost value and relevance at this makethon. Firstly, in designing a breakthrough technology/product, it is essential to understand and design for your user. My experience and skills in user experience and user interface design can be useful and allow me to contribute meaningfully on a team of technologists. My research background has also given me the experience in understanding marketing and business components of such endeavors. Thus, I would be able to contribute in diverse ways during the makethon. Lastly, I bring my enthusiasm and passion!
"As a Symbolic Systems major, I have strived to build technical skills along with an understanding of design and human learning. Passionate about creating technology that benefits humans, I have strived to supplement my knowledge of CS with design thinking, community based research and entrepreneurial skills.
This combined with my enthusiasm to work in a team to create something we can all be proud of should hopefully make me a valuable member for the makeathon."
I love to work in teams. I have practical knowledge in AI and a lot of interest in innovative business models. 
"I am a designer- I have experience in traditional design (painting, drawing, sketching). I have learnt graphic design, UX/UI design, cartoons, basic video editing and animation which can help me prototype and draw visual concepts quickly

I have a business background- it can help me make an idea meaningful by being able to think of revenue streams, basic branding, target market that would be interested and rapid iteration in this process to create a meaningful product

I have a tech background- I know basic web development as well as am learning java and android development to help out with the technical side  of ideas. In addition i have a forensics background which may be helpful in the idea creation process."
"I am equipped with the tools to lead a team through the design process. My program has taught me to empathize with users, be encouraging and outrageous in ideating, refine ideas through many cycles of prototyping and testing, and most importantly be a strong communicator through the art of storytelling.

I am also able to play both a leader and a collaborator within a team. I enjoy bringing a lot of positive energy into a room and have a strong appreciation for other people's skills. I think I make a valuable addition to a team, and greatly look forward to working with others at the makeathon."
"	This year I’ve been doing a lot of work with design thinking, in teams –  from designing for diversity and innovation to looking at concepts of space and play and reimagining buildings to better suit their purpose. I have experience performing empathy interviews and needfinding, and I am learning a lot in my cultural and social psychology classes – about human behavior and interaction – that is relevant to how and why we design. I am creative and curious, so I can bring ideas and good questions, which I think are just as important as good answers. Of course, I’ll work hard to build those too. 
"
I’ve focused a large amount of my time on computer science developing web applications and building software. However, my interests have always encompassed much more. Another field of study that I have pursued on my own is psychology because I find it fascinating to understand the underlying motivations behind people’s actions. This has had influence on the work I do by placing heavy emphasis on design. Design of software, habits and environments. I also come from a very entrepreneurial background experimenting with multiple small business ideas including a book reselling business. I think this broad range of skills puts me in an ideal position to contribute to this makeathon. I can think about how we can design solutions to the challenges facing us today while keeping in mind possible technical implementations. Also, great solutions need a medium to become impactful and experience with entrepreneurship will be helpful in thinking about how our solutions can be launched into products.
"I am a UX Designer with a visual design background. I know already how to design, but the most important skill set of mine to give an answer to Why we need to design. 

My ex-background was an engineering, and also I finished Product Management. These skill sets give me how to think analytics, how to manage the project and how to communicate with other team members. "
"We want to create impactful products, and I have experience co-creating:
 * a financial readiness tool still used 5 years later, 
 * internal tools for $70M org. to measure impact of R&D efforts that would ""be shaping the way we run the organization for years to come"" (member of Executive team).  

We will need to create analog and digital prototypes at various levels of fidelity.  I'm comfortable with:
 * WIREFRAMING (Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator), 
 * WEBSITE PROTOTYPING (InVision, Squarespace, Bootstrap, basic HTML/CSS), 
 * MOBILE APP PROTOTYPING, including motion animation (Principle, Keynote, Flinto).

Looking at Co.Lab members, I have experience in finance (2 yrs. strategy consulting) and energy (6 months, full-time intern at IHS CERA).

I get ideas from:
 * Psychology
 * Learning theory
 * Mixed-media creative writing: interactions as poems in form of games and puzzles
 * Research methods: qual. like ethnography, interviewing; quant. like Nate Silver's modeling, SQL big data"
"My background is in Mechanical Engineering, Product Design. The design process, as pioneered by David Kelley and taught at the d.school is user centric, so in every project we spent time interviewing stakeholders, observing users, and doing market research. I’m very comfortable crafting open questions, synthesizing insights, and communicating needs to my teammates. Similarly, I have experience making and testing prototypes that are specifically designed to answer qualities of a solution.

On the mechanical Engineering side of things, my background offers insight into how a physical product could look, feel, and be built. I could contribute to my project by creating a model in CAD, wireframing a workflow, or making a bill of materials. 

My philosophy as a teammate can be summed up in my approach to designing products, by thoughtfully and thoroughly exploring the options, one can discover clever solutions that keep the system simple and robust. "
I have a background in business as well as user research and interface design. I think my broader background gives me a unique perspective while solving design problems. I'm also very much a people person and love working in diverse teams!
"I have immersed myself in the world of UX and UI design and have a deep, self-motivated love of programming as well. Being a student at UCSD, I have taken advantage of the many resources available at my university, watching the greatest minds in design discuss their ideas in lectures. I have also learned to make mock-ups and prototypes in Sketch and In-Vision in the pre-professional group Design at UCSD. Furthermore, I have taught myself Java and Javascript and soon plan on teaching myself Php and Ruby as well to expand my programming abilities.

I have taken classes in coding and computer science, but most of what I have learned has been through sheer dedication and will, spending hours pouring over example programs on Github to understand the ins and outs of each programming language. My ease in learning programming languages, as well as my skills in UX/UI design honed through working with Design at UCSD, make me right at home in the design process."
My academic background is in product design, and I am currently pursuing a master’s in mechanical engineering at Stanford. After learning about product development and human-centered design, I knew that learning more about hardware and engineering would be important for designing next generation products for our physical world, namely smart and IoT devices. My experience with the design thinking process will be valuable for this makeathon as I have grown very comfortable working in teams. On each team I work with or facilitate, I strive to inspire them to do creative work, by checking our assumptions, and asking questions about the problem space and our point of view on it. I got to test these skills out when I previously I interned at an IoT based startup, where I learned about and contributed to identifying the needs of home owners that a smart home system could help with.
As a student who has been heavily involved in creative projects on my own campus and beyond, I can bring both hard and soft skills to the table. My degree in Design and Environmental Analysis emphasizes storytelling and collaboration because that is how we are able to communicate our ideas to many people. Because of our limited timespan at the makethon, being able to visually and verbally communicate ideas is incredibly important, and I have developed these skills by learning tools such as the Adobe Creative Suite and computer programming languages in order to quickly mock up and get feedback. Additionally, most of my projects are in groups and I work best when I am in a group. Whether it is brainstorming ideas together or sharing workloads, I have learned how clear communication and listening skills are incredibly important for good collaboration. My empathy and listening skills have greatly helped me work in groups as well as collect interview data from design research methods.  
I am a member of Design for America at USC, which is is part of a national network of passionate thinkers and activists revolutionizing the way college students engage with and improve the world around us. We use the design thinking process to create tangible solutions for local social issues. I joined this organization because I believe business and design are inseparable. Each strengthens the other, and I have seen the way that my design process has improved my business knowledge. We draw from our skills to find the solution by combining what people need with constantly evolving technology and successful business strategies. My team is focusing on the issue of human trafficking within Los Angeles. Part of the design thinking process involves becoming educated first-hand by people who experience or are involved in the issues we wish to address. This experience directly correlates with what IDEO does: creating something through human-centered design that people can stand behind. 
"My collection of diverse experiences thus far has provided me with a well-rounded outlook and constructive process required to work through numerous stepping stones. Being Vice President of a real company in high school gave me the chance to work in Marketing and Designing, Community Outreach, Philanthropy and internal/external affairs.  Starting a microfinance organization and other positions have prepared me with strong leadership and communication skills. 
Serving on Santa Clara Valley Water District’s Youth Stewardship Commission, I have been able to participate in educating people about water concerns plan project or events that benefit the entire community as a whole. 
As seen on my resume, my positions in various students organizations on campus have provided me with unique perspectives of the design process in different contexts. Through a focus in  visual design, I would be ecstatic to promote creativity and connections among all. 
"
School gave me the sandbox to build software (web platforms and tools for now). Technology is the work I would like to put out in the world, but I firmly believe design, conversations (many of them), and education/knowledge sharing are the means to do so.
My current major at school encourages us to think creatively.  Every day, we are learning new skills as well as teaching others in our class.  Every week, we have a new class group project that teaches us real-world skills such as presenting to investors and working collaboratively.  My skills in entrepreneurship and design thinking are valuable to this makeathon because I am excellent at connecting two seemingly unrelated things to find the happy median that can better a product.  I am able to contribute innovative ideas to a problem and I can brainstorm well in a team setting.  The energy from other creative people inspires me daily to think of possible alternatives to everyday objects. Like the umbrella, while it has been around for a long time, I believe it needs to be revamped for it is prone to bending in the wind.  Instead, imagine a durable borosilicate glass umbrella, so it resists breaking and is impenetrable to wind.  Just an idea of what I can offer at this makeathon. 
My skill set for this marathon is not directly applicable to the technologies focused on, but will greatly aid me in the design thinking process. I have some experience with coding in Python and HTML5, which makes me more familiar with some of these technologies. I’m proficient in Lightroom and Photoshop which will help me visually design a product. Through my major and past volunteer experience, I have grown to understand social justice issues, and especially human trafficking, to a great degree. My thought process is often human centered, since I am used to working with nonprofits in the human services sector. Social media has always excited me and during my high school career I managed multiple professional accounts. However, this past semester, my creative thinking process was really challenged through working at the Media Center at USC where I worked with new technologies and platforms, such as 360 video and Instagram Live.
"I have participated in many human-centered design and engineering projects that have enabled me to gain invaluable skills including need-finding, problem solving, creativity, analysis, rapid prototyping, and manufacturing in addition to collaboration, communication, and leadership skills. I also believe that my unique background in both design and engineering will enable me to help facilitate collaboration between designers and engineers  since there is often misunderstanding between these two.
A project that enabled me to grow in my personal skills was an individual research project at the Bioinspired Robotics and Design Lab at UCSD.Through my research experience, I gained patience, endurance, diligence, and confidence. I am now more accustomed to working amidst ambiguous directions and outcomes, more comfortable in working with people who are from completely different backgrounds than me, and more honest with others about my struggles in order to keep moving forward."
.
"I am a strong leader with experience in both business and design, and knowledge of emerging technologies. I specialize in bringing research, structure, and strategy to problem solving. I love collaborating with others and will bring a holistic skill set to the makeathon and my team. 

Specifically, I bring…
1. Knowledge of IoT, AI, & Machine Learning: I consulted for Cisco’s tech innovation group, and led a research project analyzing promising use cases in the IoT and AI/ML spaces
2. Passion for technology and human-centered design: I created my own major at UC Berkeley to study Human-Centered Design.
3. Exp designing products: I’ve designed user interfaces for startups & Walmart Labs, from research to prototype.
4. Exp leading teams: I’ve led teams from small groups of 4 to mid-sized design teams of 8, to large groups of 40
5. Exp developing business strategies: Based on research on behalf of Accenture, and for clients like Juniper Networks & Cisco.
"
My background as a product designer is relevant to this makeathon because although I do not have significant experience in technology other than coding, my experience in design thinking makes me adaptable to learning about different problems and genres of tech solutions.
My background as both a product developer and social designer can balance perspectives of feasibility and visual design with a more focused understanding of user empathy and investigation. I've personally launched or mentored the development of 15+ projects through the design process across a diverse range of fields, from homelessness and education/gender inequality to mentorship and design education. I've started projects from scratch and worked with clients to identify specific user pain points. I've served at all levels of the nonprofit chain, managing teams as large as 100 and as small as four.  This depth and diversity of experience, I believe, would be of value in tackling any challenge my team is given. 
I am an experienced architectural designer with a MBA degree. My multi-dimensional, multi-disciplinary strategic thinking + business skills will be valuable and relevant to this makeathon.
My visual and business design skills allow me to quickly mock up and communicate ideas. I’m proficient with sketch, marvel, and other clickable prototype programs. Furthermore, I’ve participated in various hackathons and competitions, receiving finalist or semi-finalist prizes for Harvard President’s Challenge and MIT 100K. As a result, I’m familiar with creating value propositions, market sizing, locating opportunities amidst competition, problem and solution interviews, and go-to-market strategies. Finally, my fluency with urban policy gives me a sensitivity to problems specific to cities. More than 70% of our world’s population will move to cities within our lifetimes. This wave will create tremendous burdens on our housing, transportation, and governance infrastructure. These are also our opportunities -- critical problems to solve.
I have experience in team-based environments for creating new things. From creating apps in hackathons to developing hardware-based toys for my schoolwork, I have been able to collaborate successfully on various projects. In addition, my university coursework is very interdisciplinary and has given me valuable skills in approaching, tackling, and designing around problems from a variety of perspectives. I study cognition as viewed by computer science, psychology, philosophy, linguistics, and neuroscience; this multifaceted experience allows me both to approach technologies from a variety of perspectives and to better consider technology in a variety of different applications.