I've studied blockchain at Blockchain University, and have been building networks for the past 4 years.  I have an economics degree and a law degree, so I'm approaching this problem with the intention of strengthening not only the economic landscape, but also the citizen empowerment tools of a stronger free press, better online information, and better online democratic tools.  I understand how blockchain plays into this space better than most, and I have the maturity to fight for this all the way to completion.
"As mentioned in my answers for question 15 and 16, I've developed the relevant skills in both my professional career and free time. 

In my free time, I've developed software for Google Glass, Android, and iPhone.

During my PhD, I've designed human-robot interfaces for terrain-wheelchairs, human exoskeletons and military robots. 

I understand the importance of human-centered design. I love building prototypes. And I can't wait to meet and learn from the IDEO team and makeathon participants."
"As an art school alumnus, I am used to rapid prototyping, staying up all night fueled by passion and iterating until everything clicks. In addition to having the design skills to break down complex problems and develop elegant solutions, I also have the technical skills to execute on ideas. 

Endlessly curious is the phrase I would use to most succinctly describe myself. There is not a subject I can't find something interesting about and no tool I'm not just looking for an excuse to learn. As a result, I've got a long list of seemingly disparate skills, and I'm willing to bet that if anyone can appreciate them, it's IDEO, and the awesome group of humans you're assembling for this makeathon."
As a front-end web and game developer who has worked with diverse digital media such as 3D graphics, generative audio, video, and motion design, I can contribute to the production of a wide range of digital projects with broad perspective and a quick hand for rapid prototyping.
Industrial design, education, and carrots have elements in common: materials and play. Different materials facilitate play in different ways.  Without material diversity our imagination would not come to life with such richness and human expression would be the poorer for it.  My thesis is not an attempt to understand play; rather, the purpose of my thesis is to understand how materials facilitate play. I love the nature of design and collaboration and my drive to excel is fueled by my passion for it. Through my ambition, energy, and above all consistency, I can ensure that I will make a positive and meaningful contribution. From my experience thus far, I have proven myself through the execution of high quality concepts and projects. As my previous advisor will attest, I get the job done and make things possible with my work ethic. 
My experiences in architecture and product design have given me a strong foundation for the makeathon. I'm well versed in the design process, from user research, to idea generation, to prototyping and user testing, having worked on various projects in class and during internships. I also have a background in visual design and fabrication.
"I'm primarily a visual designer and technologist - as a student of Computer Science and Architecture, I love making things that are powered by tech and designed thoughtfully. I've been able to work on a large variety of projects - many at the MIT Media Lab, logo design and media design at the Peace Corps, curriculum design at the US State Department and independent design projects (available on my website linked above). 

I've recently also started making - this has launched my interest in PCB design, embedded programming, software, physical modeling, 3D printing and laser cutting. At the MIT Media Lab, last semester, I was able to take a course called ""How to Make Almost Anything"" which has really accelerated this interest further. My final project in was a touch sensing ukelele that provides live feedback on chords, and can construct sheet in real time, fabricated under $7. I'd love to bring my knowledge of making and device design to the makeathon and learn from my peers."
"Rapid prototyping was a big part of my role on my robotics team. Each day we would encounter problems that we had to solve quickly and efficiently. I've learned more about teamwork and engineering solutions than anywhere else, and in the real world, I feel that these skills will help me as a designer. I built a trash bag holder for NASA, and learned CAD and 3d printing along the way.

I have a passion for thinking of ideas, and thinking about the future, and I also try and execute them. That is what helped me build my quadcopter, and the process helped me think of a commercial application for aerial drones (mapping and data collection). I also really want to learn from others' experience, and contribute in whatever ways I can.

The lessons I learned from the past few years can be summed up in the following quote:
""Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication"" - Da Vinci"
I would say I am a domain expert in machine learning as a design researcher. I can add a high level of expertise and understanding as to what can be built from a product design standpoint using machine learning.
As a designer, I know many conventional and unconventional ways to get insight on people and technology.  Understanding needs and applications for technology goes beyond asking, and that's where I feel I excel. In addition, I'm confident in my collaboration skills - I know when to contribute, provoke, and synthesize ideas with a team. Drawing, modeling, Arduino, ideating and mapping skills all help take me and collaborators work to the next level.
I major in architecture design, so I do have enough knowledge on visual design. Also, I have taken some related courses in Harvard and Media Lab in MIT, including computational design and data visualization course. I have knowledge on programming and UX/UI design. In the makeathon, I'm confident that I could make a good designer.
"
My skillset lies at the intersection of business and creative thinking. As an MBA with concentrations in Entrepreneurship & Innovation and Strategy, I can understand the business challenges and opportunities within a given product or service. I have consulted on an experience strategy project for JetBlue and have worked with a tiny human-centered design shop in Detroit to reimagine the National Park Service experience within urban landscapes.

As a maker, I am a tinkerer and an explorer. I spent my career before school taking ideas and turning them into books and products. As an explorer, I often went out into the world to find inspiration for my next project, and would prototype new formats to create the perfect package for each project.  On a personal level, I love teaching myself new skills, whether it's  brewing kombucha or learning to weave.

My hybrid creative and strategic backgrounds make me both a grounding force on a creative team and an open-minded brainstormer."
After my BA degree in animation, I continue my education at California college of the arts, based in San Francisco, Expecting to expand my design language there. With 2 years of intense training at the graduate school, now also very eager to put my new found knowledge into practice. From day one, I believe that I can begin making valuable contributions to the design team at IDEO. I possess a wide range of abilities that combine innovative art and design principles. Furthermore, my expert knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite, HTML, and CSS will allow me to play a crucial role in the implementation of your design initiatives. I am a designer combined with graphic design and illustration. designing to me was figurative art in a concrete form. There are so many other things worth redefining in life.
"-Interned at Nest with Iot experience
-Interned at Microsoft, have some knowledge on Hololens
-Solid skills on ux/ui design, industrial design and product strategy.
-Proficient in all design, presentation software, processing and arduino.
"
I have recently completed an augmented reality installation at the California Academy of Science, geared towards delightfully and engagingly presenting information about a distant place  (http://www.zuzuldesign.com/#/augmented-reality-exhibits/). I believe the experience I had in developing this instillation and testing the capabilities of AR within existing informational frameworks would be very valuable to the makeathon experience. Beyond that, I am adept in UX design skills of researching, empathizing with, and assessing the needs of my clients, as well as industrial design skills of mapping out scenarios, sketching ideas, and quickly building prototypes. It would be an honor to participate!
I have a full year of professional web design and development experience between 2014 and 2015, working under agile sprints for a startup. Currently, I have parlayed that experience into the pursuit of a masters in Human-Computer Interaction, where I am investing my web experience along with my undergraduate degree in architectural design to explore creative projects that connect humans to new technical mediums - such as VR and tangible user interfaces. This past summer I have had the privilege to refine those academic studies with an internship at Pixar's studio tools department. Additionally, I am also well acquainted with service blueprints, customer journey maps, and personas, etc, and have had a service design proposal for Uber included in the MA Design is Human 2016 Exhibit in Atlanta. To sum up, I have a strong foundation in user experience and interaction design for user interfaces, as well as the confidence to design for any platform.
I am a life-long maker. At the University of Pennsylvania, I studied mechanical engineering, with a focus on product design. At SA Photonics, I worked in the augmented reality field, having designed and built an augmented reality head-mounted display for helicopter pilots. At Halo Neuroscience, I turned a neurostimulation product concept to a tangible consumer product that improves athletes' performance. To achieve this, I collaborated with a wide variety of professionals, including graphic designers, packaging designers, and industrial designers. I have gone back and forth to factories in China many times, and know what it takes to bring a product to market.
I have started two businesses (a software development company, and a social enterprise that is rehabilitating Angola's agriculture sector). I can code in a few languages (js, php, objective-c, html/css) and want to learn more (python). I know finance, business, and capital markets extremely well (I worked in investment management for a few years before leaving to pursue side projects). I also love technology and tinkering, from Photoshop and SublimeText to power sanders and jigsaws. All this means I can think critically about business, think creatively about design, and think practically about engineering.
My background involves 3D design, graphic design, systems design and digital design for interactives. My skills in Sketchup, Adobe Suite, hand sketching, model making and prototyping bring the ideas to visualizations fast and effective way.
In architecture, I'm trying to position myself as a spatial storyteller. That is, I'm interested in using the power of design to unleash the fantastical worlds of stories on reality. That means I've tried to learn as many narrative tools as possible in school, from design disciplines and beyond: game design, ethnobotany, GIF studios, documentary film classes, comic book seminars, folklore studies, and a good deal of summer camp-counseling. These experiences combined with a deep practical knowledge of architectural design would make me a useful team member for anyone looking to tell stories in new and exciting ways.
With a formal training in engineering, I have a technical background building hardware as well as writing software. Throughout my undergraduate, I organized at least 6 teams of people with diverse backgrounds to participate in hardware and software hackathons. With this experience, I hope to contribute to the innovation and collaborative process with other people.
I've launched a health food and beverage business (put together the large picture and landed funding for its launch), and worked at Philosophie (paid software incubator based in NYC) on building human-centered SaaS products across the education and peer to peer lending space. One of my concepts on sustainability in communities (by creating a new currency) was be featured by OPEN IDEO 2 years ago. My thinking is open, data centric, and always ready to pivot, yet will stay the course when obstacles arise if need be. 
"My background is in Animation, Visual Commnication Design and User Experience Design. I am a student at ITP at Tisch NYU.  At ITP I am exploring the intersection of UX Design and AR+VR technologies. my focus is to develop and design applications that leverage these platforms. 

In the past I have worked at Adobe Systems, and interned at Magic Leap's UX Design team. Magic Leap is a technology startup that is creating a Mixed Reality wearable. Over the internship, I prototypes and researched applications for their device. 

Additionally, I am skilled with graphic Softwares and familia with the Design thinking process that will be essential for the makeathon. For these reasons, I think I could add value to the team that I am part of at the CoLab Makeathon. "
As both a designer and creative technologist I bring a unique approach to the table. My background in design thinking and social innovation has given me the ability to quickly generate, test, and iterate through ideas and understand how and when to fail and pivot. My skills in creative technology include web design/development, Internet of Things hardware/software platforms, app-design, facial-recognition, installation design and more. I can bring the design chops to get things started and the tech skills to make them real. 
Having been working on several VR/AR projects from design to deployment, I am proficient with Unity 3D, C#, Visual Design, and 3D modeling. My VR project Beach was accepted for the upcoming IEEE VR 2017 conference, and VR project Chi won the first runner-up in Hacking Art.
"My background and skills are valuable and relevant to this makeathon because I have had many experiences working in a team to make a product that entailed both physical and technical challenges.
By working in teams numerous times before, I know how important it is to uphold principles such as communication and organization in order to be productive. Differences in opinion within a team is inevitable, but I have learned from experience that they can always be resolved through team discussion and tools such as pugh charts. If my team seems to lose its direction at any point I know how to take leadership and keep the energy going.
I also have skills in design and engineering. I love sketching and organizing thoughts on paper, and it is important for me to communicate any idea clearly and effectively. I have practiced thinking about the design process through various perspectives and gathered a knowledge base of technical tools that will be useful for coming up with design solutions."
As an Industrial Designer my training has taught me to pay attention to every detail, to ask the right questions, and work well with others.
I bring an expertise in the emerging technology of AI, including not just implementing and using the technology itself, but also understanding where and why it has succeeded and failed to date. I also have a diverse skillset that includes prototyping of electronic, optical, and mechanical systems (and combinations thereof). This event is about making, and I enjoy and am experienced in building and iterating on virtual and tangible products both. I further have an experience of working in interdisciplinary teams, helping translate between the languages of people with different training, and knowing when I myself might be out of my depth and need help. 
"I’m a software developer. As a researcher working in the field of IoT and machine learning, I often need to integrate different platforms and languages together to create prototypes. I know Python, JavaScript, Arduino, C/C++, various IoT technologies well. 

I’m a maker familiar with rapid prototyping. I funded a design studio with various prototyping machines including 3D printers, laser cutters, and electronic soldering stations. I taught a graduate-level course that teaches students how to prototype using papers, cardboards, micro-controllers, 3D printers and laser cutters. 

I’m a UX researcher. As a human-computer interaction researcher, I’m familiar with various qualitative and quantitative methods to approach design problems. I’ve taught courses that use contextual inquiry, interview, diary study, Wizard of Oz and many other UX methods to investigate design problems. 
"
As a mechanical engineer, I study the technical academic rigor behind engineering principles and fundamentals.  The problem solving skills developed through my major have taught me to think critically and creatively around posed problems.  I've learned to do bench-level prototyping involving quick calculations and rapid building, and I believe the hands-on aspect of mechanical engineering has taught me to dive right into a problem and get my hands dirty.  I have worked on many group projects ranging from teams of 2 to teams of 17, and these experiences has allowed me to become an effective communicator and contributive teammate in understanding each person's skills and playing to everyone's strengths.
I have a transdisciplinary background which includes industrial design, interaction design, and system design. I am knowledge of product design, form research,  model making, digital modeling, 3D printing, laser cutting, and Axure. Besides, I have experience working with transdisciplinary people, and capable of leadership, management. 
My work in building context-aware applications has given me a taste in integrating multiple complex technologies such as AI, IOT, and crowdsourcing. Also, my research has taught me that the nuances in human behavior that make the challenge of designing a product hard, also make it interesting. This intersection of hardware and software, design and engineering, and qualitative and quantitative, is where I find my self home. I am confident that my skills and experience will be useful in this makeathon.
I come from a technical background with a degree in Computer Science so being coding skills but also have a strong interest in design with experience in UI/UX design prototypes and design thinking methodologies. Most of all, I very much have a can do attitude and love to jump into any problem to learn how I can contribute! 
I love prototyping with the Arduino. I've been using it for the past 7 years. The skills I've gathered since then have helped me write libraries, example code, fix documentation, etc. I have a new media arts background, and have worked in advertising where my projects have been used for global clients like NBCU, Google, Nike, etc. 
"I've built multiple things in the physical computing and AR/VR realm (e.g. a tabletop AR surface for consumers to understand the coffee they are drinking better, a meditative band which pulses and lights according to whether one is stressed or focused, building an audio speech autocorrect system for Parkinson's patients using state-based AI), and am familiar with rapidly prototyping across both physical (e.g. Arduino and electronics, laser cutting, 3D-printing) and digital (e.g. Python, Unity, Processing) domains. 

I also lend a human-centered design approach toward design problems, having worked across some niche user groups and sensitive topics. (E.g. my current senior project is around women whose first pregnancy end in miscarriage.) I particularly enjoy talking to people to deeply understand their frames and POVs, and if there is a chance to do that through the makeathon, I'd love to contribute in this fashion as well. "
"I am familiar with the imagery language such as Javascript  OpenFramework and WebGL, which give me the advantage to prototype and visualize all the great ideas during the design process, and to provide a rather straight forward motion and graphic user experience for both mobile and Web. During the design challenge in our classes, the first thing is brainstorming ideas and then visualize storyboard, for all the projects I participate I mainly in charge of using Three.js or Unity to quickly initiating  prototype the visual effects of ideas and then push the project to the next step.
I have some experience with both augmented and virtual reality and familiar with the platforms, which gives me the advance to explore new possibilities with mixed reality in the makeathon."
I major in Product Design and minor in Multimedia Digital Arts. I'm proficient in ideation processes, research, 2D design, 3D modeling, hand prototyping, digital prototyping, and much more. I currently run two college Makerspaces, one at University of Oregon and one at Portland Community College where I teach all these skills and more to other students.
"My background and skills are relevant because I have a breadth of experience in many scientific fields and am knowledgeable about the frontier of the technologies focused on by the CoLab. I have experience coding in C++, MATLAB, and python as well as with 3D printing. Lastly, as a scientist in business school interested in the next tech wave, I believe I have a unique perspective on ideas that would come up in the makeathon or during work with any of the technologies. I can understand the technical, business, and scientific side of most stories. 
"
"I have a BS and MS in electrical engineering. I worked as a systems architect for 9 years at Motorola, designing mission critical communications systems, dispatch positions, fire alert systems, and IoT connected command centers. Hence I have a strong technical background in integrated disparate systems into customized solutions for Federal and Public Safety customers. 

I also have an artistic eye for style which led me to create my fashion brand. From photography to designing scarves to website design, I love to design. I also love to sketch portraits. 

During my time at Motorola, I worked in cross-functional teams with members located all over the world, under very tight sales cycles. Hence I am well-experienced in high-performing teams. 

I currently work as a Product Manager in a Y-combinator back Fintech Startup called OpenInvest. The focus is socially responsible investing. It is a high-paced Startup environment where I am forced to be resourceful and be ok with ambiguity. "
I might rename the field of industrial design to "professional brainstorming."  My general mindset combined with the skills I've acquired at RISD have equipped me for the late nights and early mornings sketching, scribbling on post-its, researching, building rapid prototypes, and throwing together presentations and CAD renderings as I sit at a table with my peers.  As a creative and skilled collaborator, my favorite place to be is the drafting table.
"I have worked with AR/VR technologies (Hololens and Vive) to create my own holograms and immersive experiences, and IoT devices (Raspberry Pi, Arduino..) to create fun, educational products, such as a home-made GameBoy and a drawing Roomba. I pride myself in having both an eye for design and a knack for more technically difficult processes, and am not afraid to experiment to learn more with design and technical problems. I am used to and love working in a collaborative space, and enjoy the occasional conflict as I think that at times generates the best ideas. 

I have been fortunate enough to intern in a variety of places, including an Advertising Agency, an Architecture firm, and in the tech world, for Microsoft. This wide range in internship experience has allowed me to collaborate with a wide variety of people, and to practice everything from studying architecture plans, and developing websites, to devising a user experience model for enrolling IoT devices."
I bring business experience in food and agriculture from around the world. Through Thought For Food, I have consulted with hundreds of startups from over 120 countries creating solutions to help feed 9bn people by 2050. This global experience could prove helpful in bringing technical leads to think differently about their products. Also, I have experience working on HCD and the ten types of innovation, which I help to facilitate for a global group called New Ag International.
As an industrial and product designer I understand how things should be put together. It's important that what we make be beautiful and I know how to design for users so that the user-experience is as accommodating as possible. I'm a natural collaborator and understand when other people's skills are necessary to make a project the best it can be.
I study mechanical engineering at MIT where I am given the opportunity not only to see what new technologies are being developed but also to work on them myself. For over a year, I worked with Skylar Tibbits at the MIT Self-Assembly Lab where I worked on several self-assembling research projects and products. Self-assembly is an even newer technology than some of the emerging technologies that will be discussed during the makeathon. What made my time at the Self-Assembly Lab successful was that I was never apprehensive about trying out even the most ambitious and outrageous designs and ideas because that is what is necessary when working in new and uncharted industries. My well-rounded background in mechanical engineering will offer a lot of technical skill during the makeathon, but I think the ideas that I already have and the fact that I am daring to present them and try them out will also be instrumental in producing a great product.
I bring ~2.5 years of engineering and product development knowledge to the table. I have a background in making, rapid prototyping, and mechanical design. I also have skills in programming, business strategy planning, etc. These skills are relevant because I can offer a strong technical perspective on different ideas, and I can also give some business strategy input if needed. In addition, I have a lot of experience working in teams and am definitely a team player. I love learning from (and teaching) others.
Coming from an advanced R&D background that focused on inventing technologies to address critical challenges in Global Health and Global Development with the aid of emerging science and engineering, my skill set is multidisciplinary in nature: I am a technologist, a mechanical engineering by training, and an avid machinist and tinkerer; I am also a designer, with an background in photojournalism and narrative storytelling, currently pursuing a degree that combines design, engineering, and business; above all, I am someone who observes constantly, is able to synthesize complex problems, and deeply understands the wide range of tools (technological and not) that can be brought to bear on a given problem. At Global Good/Intellectual Ventures Lab, I led and worked on highly interdisciplinary teams of scientists, engineers, and business personnel on big problems that required exponential thinking and non-incremental approaches. I will bring this creative approach to the makeathon.
I have 5+ years as a chef, working in kitchens and culinary arts establishments in Italy and Switzerland and as a private chef in DC. Culinary artistry is a wonderful study of design.                           I am a filmmaker, and worked a summer making promotional films and short sketches for a startup in Paris. This has prepared me well as a visual storyteller.                                                                                     I spent this past summer traveling around Northern Italy working on a barista-centered design thinking project for illy. This has given me a strong familiarity with the design process.                         I study symbolic systems, which is rooted in the cognitive sciences and includes a mix of CS with the liberal arts. My studies have prepared me well to approach the intersection of human, design and technology. 
I have mobile, embedded software engineering background and also interactive product, new media installation experience by trained. I love to use new technology to explore new applications. Here's my brief self introduction too, http://telegra.ph/Harrys-Introduction-02-02
I have a background in architecture, and my master degree concentration is computation. I am proficient in programming, digital fabrication and mixed reality development with Hololens. Most importantly, I love to make friends and am super excited in Colab Makeathon
"My time studying product design at the University of Oregon and working with Design For America has given me a solid understanding of the design process. I am confident working in different 3D modelling environments, designing graphics, rapid prototyping, and working on a team.

I have spent some time garnering a basic understanding of programming with html and python, which allows me to interact with programmers on internet of things and AR/VR projects at a deeper level.

Recently I've been researching how designing for the average person might create a psychologically harmful environment for those who are differently abled. I think my insight on 'design for average' is valuable and I would work to see that my team's project would promote mindfulness in all aspects of design."
"A law-student with an entrepreneurial spirit, and open mind, could bring a unique perspective to the makeathon. Lawyers are commonly thought of as the antithesis to innovation and I want to break that mold. 

I've always been willing to do things that others are either unwilling to do, or unwilling to attempt. Throughout my life I have always enjoyed trying new things and meeting new people. Combined with my knowledge of the law, I think this could bring an interesting aspect."
"I have an excellent product sense and agile styled working culture. I also had experience as the facilitator for the design sprint, and successfully helped the team to go through ideation and validation phases. In terms of the user research part, I’m also good at interviewing users and generating the right questions to dig out insights from them. As a design-driven product manager, I feel comfortable to create wireframe, mockup, and prototype by using Balsamiq, Sketch, InVision, or simply hand sketching.
Moreover, I hold a CS bachelor degree and a technical MBA degree from CMU. From school, I have my professional training in UX, HCI, HCD, Engineering, and Business. 
My working and internship experiences from WalmartLabs, MuleSoft, Yahoo, IBM, and HP have prepared me well as a good contributor for CoLab Makeathon in terms of sharing my experiences of design process from different tech companies."
"As a design strategist, I’m accustomed to synthesizing information from various inputs and of various types. I offer a practical perspective when surrounded by designers and a creative perspective when surrounded by business people. I’m accustomed to analyzing these various viewpoints, and I enjoy balancing them in order to reach solutions that everyone supports.

I’m also passionate about storytelling. My undergraduate English degree taught me how to craft a compelling narrative argument, and my time working for a graphic designer showed me how to use visual means to the same end. (On a practical note: I’m comfortable using Adobe Creative Suite to achieve this.)

Finally, as my kindergarten teacher would say, I play nice with others. I think that kindness is a strength, not a signal of weakness, in professional environments. In my own life, I surround myself with people who bring diverse perspectives but who are uniform in their generosity — an approach which I believe IDEO shares."
"I am a product manager by experience and an electrical engineer by training. I feel that these two skills provide a lot of the background that would be useful, especially through my electrical engineering background to create pieces of interesting hardware and my product management experience to effectively create a set of specifications and make sure the project flows smoothly.

Additionally, I have begun teaching myself development languages, and in the past month, I've learned the MEAN stack along with React.js and React Native. I've learned Meteor for webapp development, and I'm trying to expand my knowledge as much as possible - Processing might be an interesting language to learn for visual development."
"I’m a 1st year student, currently pursuing MFA Interaction Design at School of Visual Arts, New York. I'm passionate about making a useful product and adapting it to fit people's lives. I believe a good product or service needs not only know what users’ need are but also understand how they use or will use in the context. 
At SVA, I’m learning and exploring user experience design in different domains, such as physical computing, Public Space, and framing user experience in order to tackle problems in many possible ways. I'm also honing my coding skills and enjoy working on different prototyping tools to demonstrate design solutions.  
On a personal note, I backpacked through seventeen countries in five continents, as a way to understand people's stories and experience diverse cultures. This wide range of experience has bolstered my ability to approach design problems with empathy and endless curiosity."
Over the years I’ve worked on and created many enterprise and consumer products for digital and physical applications domestically and in Korea. While also having experience facilitating service design, creative workshops, and hardware assembly I would love to bring my relevant skills to explore and create awesome solutions for people in need :)

More about my skills on my CV here:
https://goo.gl/bDiAhV

A workshop I led on rapid prototyping here:
https://goo.gl/JEXRsA"
While my engineering classes have given me a strong technical background, I am also a continual recipient of practical experience with my work as captain of the MIT Solar Electric Vehicle Team. I am also continually exposed to team collaboration and communication in addition to the practicality that the solar car team has provided: Last summer as a teaching intern under MIT’s China Educational Technology Initiative program, where I worked alongside two other teammates in planning and teaching curriculum to various students. Due to the spectrum of English fluency, I really learned to optimize the challenge of explaining an idea in a way that both gets the whole point across but is also simple, straightforward, and concise; this communication skill is vital for such a position that requires collaborating with others in a work environment. All in all, my passion for making things and initiative to participate in projects would be a great mutualism for both this makeathon and for myself.
I'm studying Industrial Design at University of Washington but have been focusing heavily on UX design outside of the classroom. I've worked with several startups and run one of my own. I think that being formally trained as an industrial designer gives me a unique perspective on digital product design.
"I am a researcher. During the school year, I have worked doing research in an academic and practical way. Thus, I know how to complete research, survey, statistics, and set up for the experiment as well. 
I am designer & technician. I learned the User Experience design at Seoul National University in Korea. I participated in the Personal Health Record (PHR) UX Project. Also, I am studying Unity, MAYA and C# script for creating virtual reality content. 
I am communication manager. I have had working experience in the U.S., China and Korea. I have worked for the SK C&C, which is the third biggest IT company in South Korea, as the HR manager. I have also worked for the Shanghai EXPO in China as the VIP protocol analyst. Throughout my global career, I have gained a perspective and understanding of cultural diversity and how to communicate with the customers. 
Using all my skills and experiences makes me be a candidate with the best practices of Makeathon."
I think that a huge part of integrating tech, specifically cutting edge technologies such as block chains requires a certain knowledge of the consumer market and curated experiences for discrete demographics. My experience in hands on making and visual communication make me valuable and relevant as I can reduce information into a digestible model for the target audience. In addition, I have a deep understanding of how packaging, design and marketing play key roles in customer acquisition as well as keeping them interested. I have a background in technical/concept drawing and have experience communicating with Business managers who require translation and distillation of an idea into a succinct visual asset. 
"...I have a background in leveraging technology for positive social impact. 

Over the last few years, through a variety of professional experiences, I have most thrived with any challenges that required creativity. As the founder of a tech company bringing disruptive ideas to oil and gas education, my favorite aspect was sales: getting companies like Halliburton and Schlumberger excited about apps by designing software tools that they found both useful and intuitive. In both of these experiences, although I didn’t know the term then, I was constantly practicing design thinking. I was constantly writing down ideas and testing them out - on fellow team members, with customers, and digitally through websites and apps. 

As a student at the Stanford GSB this past year, I have taken multiple computer science courses and have become fascinated by the technology trends shaping our world. In this makeathon, I believe my business background gives me a unique perspective to bring to the table."
"…whether it’s in the classroom or in Lightroom, my work relies on the power of design to communicate ideas and visions to the world. I am driven by problems, not techniques, and while I have completed coursework in math, computer science, and other technical fields, I am just as passionate about linguistics, history, and the arts. I believe in balancing rigor with humor, quantity with quality, and technology with humanity. 

Some of my projects include designing an artificial language optimized for computer processing and building a Mathematica-like tool for natural language; on the visual side, I also have extensive experience with Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, and Illustrator, having designed advertising packages and worked on the front and back ends of various websites. I believe my interdisciplinary background and skills would make me a useful addition to a design team, and I would love the chance to join IDEO at the makeathon."
"I have a professional background in software and web development. Initially, I was interested in Federal Indian Policy, but changed careers after being introduced to computer programming two years ago through Code For Progress, an intensive fellowship program designed to teach tech skills to people advancing social justice initiatives. Currently, I study graphic design at the Maryland Institute College of Art, where I have been experimenting with design and technology across a variety of projects. 

I have also been growing as an entrepreneur. This year I competed in the MICA Up/Start competition where I developed a business plan, and pitched my idea to a panel of judges. My pitch and business plan were very well received, and I am refining the idea over the coming year to present at other investment opportunities. 

Tech, design, entrepreneurship, and positive social impact are values IDEO and I share, which is why I am interested in the makeathon and fellowship program."
I am an aesthetically sensitive technologist with business acumen. But more to the point I think I can contribute this makeathon because I love rapid collaboration. I am inspired and emboldened by others and I thrive on helping others manifest their visions. I love the speed and play of exteralizing thinking and really seeing what "reads" once it is on the wall. My approach to collaboration is informed by my experience participating in, and then leading an experimental theater company in undergrad. We were a collection of writers, designers, composers, dancers and actors and we would rapidly and systematically develop, test and abandon ideas -- allowing only the most successful to persist -- in the development of wholly original and site specific work. I think my background would help me contribute to the makeathon because I bring not only my own skills but I also bring tools for drawing out and connecting the skills of others.
"I worked in venture capital for three years and have developed an understanding of startups that currently play in the blockchain, AR/VR, AI and IoT spaces. I would love to bring my perspective on the current startup landscape and different business models that I’ve seen that have had success and/or challenges.

I spent three years at LinkedIn in a strategy and product role where I worked closely with engineers and designers to develop and iterate on product design and strategy and transformed conceptual ideas into on-the-ground initiatives. I have extensive experience in all stages of the product lifecycle from conducting market research to product launch. 
"
"… I am a maker in design and technology, and a systems thinker familiar with business, engineering and social needs.

My background is in architecture, which taught me to ask questions, imagine potential and create something from nothing. I’ve learned more by combining that training with technology. I can prototype across scales and disciplines — drawing by hand, creating mockups, designing in 2D and 3D, testing interactions or experimenting with code — and am always ready to try something new.

I can contribute to the makeathon by merging my skills with knowledge about the CoLab’s research areas. I understand cities, infrastructure and social systems. I know that any projects which tackle human problems in these settings must innovate across technology, business and policy. I am ready to incorporate diverse disciplines into projects that challenge expectations. I use new technology to address social issues — and I am eager to continue that work at the CoLab makeathon."
Having led customer centric innovations at eBay, PayPal and my own startups, that have not only helped them but have had socio-economic impact e.g Allowing students to read textbooks for free,  Allowing Pinterest Users to Buy from their favorite pins or easily buy & sell on Facebook or help international users take advantage of great products such as Dropbox & Netflix or Bandwidth on demand solution that helps Financial Institutions in emerging economies such as India to save money on infrastructure and channel it back to the people. I can help bring those experiences to our collaborative exploration this summer.
my major has given me a broad range of hard skills in visual design and an understanding of the scope and depth of design as it relates to technology and business. I'm familiar with softwares such as Maya and Fusion 360 for 3D Modeling, Adobe Creative Cloud and Sketch for graphic design, and good old fashioned pen and paper for quick paper prototyping. Beyond that, the vast majority of my curriculum is project based, so I've had plenty of experience working in teams.
"I found my older brother’s Lego box at the age of 3 and I have been tinkering ever since. I would think it, then I would make it, or at least try. 3d printing, laser cutting, CNC, and Arduino have joined Legos in my tool kit since then, and they have only strengthened my passion for making. 

These skills are useful, but they recently become impactful when paired with the human-centered design process.

In the past 5 months:
I improved the user experience for a P&G top brand, 
I enabled snowboarders to use their helmet for audio control, 
I turned a 4th graders sketch into an injection molded toy, 
and I created a service to address the need of students with food allergies.

This was accomplished through ethnographic research, user testing, service ecology maps, story boarding, rapid prototyping, and empathy. I have fundamentally changed the way I solve problems. I am excited to see what we can accomplish in less than 24 hours at the CoLabs makeathon. "
My background in Mechanical Engineering first as an undergraduate at MIT and now as a graduate student at Stanford has given me a strong foundation of problem solving skills. My studies have exposed me to a diverse field of topics, from product design to mechanics, mechatronics, thermal engineering, additive manufacturing, and much more. My senior year capstone class was a product design course in which a group of 22 students and I redesigned the IV pole to improve user experience, safety, and capability of the IV pole. This course gave me insight into defining user needs, brainstorming solutions, accounting for financial/marketing costs, and designing and building the mechanical, electrical, and software components. I believe my skills as a mechanical engineer, coding experience, and decision making skills, and  problem solving skills make me well qualified to participate in this makeathon. 
"I have proven experience in design, consumer goods, technology, and an engineering background. I have listed some highlights below, but please visit www.aditidugar.com for a full portfolio.

- I hold a B.S. from Cornell University in Mechanical Engineering, which has given me solid technical foundations.
- I have worked as an engineer at companies such as Apple and Procter & Gamble, learning from world leaders in the consumer goods space.
- As Co-President of Wharton’s Innovation and Design Club, I have become an expert on Design Thinking and spend much of my time teaching these methodologies to my club members.
- I worked at Canary, an IoT home-security startup this past summer in Product Management, giving me deep knowledge of the IoT space and a good chance to apply my business skill set.
- In my spare time at business school, I am constantly building and tinkering with my own Arduino projects."
"My educational background is in Engineering and Finance. I believe the combination of these two disciplines will be very valuable in developing real world technological solutions that are designed with sound and sustainable economics. From this background I have developed useful skills in financial modelling, 3D drafting and modelling (using Autocad and Solidworks) as well as basic coding skills. 

My full-time work experience has focused on allocating capital for Australia's largest diversified conglomerate. I am also currently doing a school-year internship at Australia's leading venture capital firm, where I have looked intensively at the most innovative start-ups in the industrial IOT space. These experiences have given me a high-level view of the most cutting edge trends that are driving the world of business, as well as an appreciation for what business models will best translate into success in today's rapidly changing environment. 

"
I am a computer science and graphic design major with a background in marketing. My diverse interests have led me to engage with the process of “making,” whether as the president of YaleMakes or a board member of Yale STEAM. These organizations encourage interdisciplinary creativity on campus through hands-on events that emphasis design thinking from within all fields. I am a member of the 2017 class of Kairos Global Fellows and additionally serve as the Deputy Director of Communications and Design for the Yale College Council, where I manage a team in designing various graphics and campaigns, and the Head of Student Outreach for Float, a group promoting women in computer science, where I design marketing materials. I have also spent summers at the Rhode Island School of Design studying drawing, Carnegie Mellon University studying architecture, and Interlochen Center for the Arts, where I studied drawing and painting for three years. 
"As a graduate student in interaction design at California College of the Arts, I am a big believer in the power of rapid prototyping.  I love to make to think and to put my ideas in the wild.  Gathering real-world feedback is a core part of my process, I know how to scope, design and execute user research effectively and then synthesize and implement those findings to make my work stronger.  


I also bring technical understanding as well as a deep natural curiosity to all of my work; these skills help me uncover key insights during field research and help me advocate for my user.  Before I went to California College of the Arts to earn my masters degree in interaction design, I was a journalist, and before that, I earned a degree in engineering and architecture from Stanford.  

I believe research is crucial to creating meaningful interfaces and that design should 
make the world an intuitive and delightful place.    
"
I believe my experience driving projects focused on internet of things applications in the insurance industry, particularly within a customer-facing service operation (home and auto claims), has positioned me to understand how businesses can seize the opportunity these emerging technologies represent. A couple applications I am working on include: 1) collecting 200Hz 2-axis accelerometer force data at the time of a collision to perform accident reconstruction and channel the claim appropriately through our business processes 2) using real-time GPS data to assist police departments in recovering stolen vehicles and 3) using historical GPS data to either more accurately price an insurance policy or identify cases of insurance fraud. My mechanical engineering background and experience with electronics through student projects complements my interest and experience in business to create a unique perspective that will help my design team create a holistic solution to our target problem.
Throughout my career and education, I have tackled challenges in building products and creating experiences for sales, operations, finance, marketing, and education. Prior to Stanford, I came up with ways to automate 25% of my first finance job out of school. Most recently, I worked at a startup as a software engineer. At the time, the company had just begun using Salesforce. Soon, the layout got cluttered with new fields and buttons and became unusable. I designed, and built a more intuitive UI on my own while continuously gathering feedback from sales and operations. This way, I reduced the manual data entry and simplified the Salesforce training for new hires. This experience taught me customer empathy. In addition, I am not afraid of “crazy” ideas and creativity: I write songs and draw Sketch mockups for silly apps no-one will ever need. At the makeathon, I will encourage creativity while channeling my team’s inputs towards finding a solution with the highest ROI to our users.
"I have a background in global partnerships, community building and management, learning and development, strategy, communication, and experience design in various industries . My profile is unusual but built around one common thread: I care. I care about helping people achieve their best. 
I'm passionate about the future and exploring/enabling how technology and science will impact humanity for the better. That's why I started the Future of People conference at MIT Media Lab last December, why I interned at Blippar (AR) last summer, why I just did a mission with Steelcase on the future of the workplace this January, why I TA this year for Bill Aulet the head of the Martin Trust Entrepreneurship Center at MIT, and why I'm part of the Sandbox community. Because I'm curious, eager to meet, learn, collaborate, and build on ideas to generate large scale yet sustainable impact. 
I can't wait to leverage my experiences to contribute to the CoLab's vibrant projects. "
Making accessible and well-designed technology is what I do, and code is how I do it. My work was once confined to computer screens, but diligent work with an arduino during winter break and a school project with an oculus rift have allowed me to break out of that mold. By supplementing my work with classes in art and design, my hope is that I can be a valuable asset both as a technologist and as a designer and user advocate. 
As a systems engineer and a logistician in the Marine Corps, I have an innate understanding of the components necessary to make things happen. I am very aware of user-end planning as a key to success and believe to have a holistic approach to problem solving.
Before going to Wharton for my MBA degree, I spent four years building a tech startup in Shanghai where I worked with brands like Apple and Nike to provide mobile education for factory workers. When building a product for a misunderstood demographic, I strongly believe in being fully immersed in the user's world and understanding their stories and needs. I also have experience synthesizing those user findings into product insights and working with engineers to make that into reality.
My work sits at the intersection of technology, design, and cities, imagining the future of technology in urban environments. I have experience in project management, user research, visual design, data analysis and visualization, and user testing. In my professional life, I have brought digital products from idea to launch, and worked with engineers, policy-makers, designers, and strategists. In graduate school, I have coached students though the user-centered design process as part of a class on technology and design in government, which I co-created with a professor at the Harvard Kennedy School. My research has also explored many issues related to the technologies at the heart of this year’s makeathon – from tech infrastructure to privacy and security in the digital world.   
"I’ve created/launched next-gen products for Adobe and HubSpot and was funded by a Blackstone Innovation Grant to work with startups at GIGTANK, an emerging tech accelerator (themes including big data, VR/AR, IoT, AI, and 3D printing). I also founded Almaworks, Columbia University’s startup accelerator, where I worked with student startups using cutting-edge research in AI and VR . I’m a Partner at Dorm Room Fund and have worked extensively with various emerging tech portfolio startups to help them find initial product market fit. I'm currently a Design Leader at the Columbia Design Studio applying HCD to a community project.

In terms of skills, my primary strength is ensuring user-centric design through every step of the product development process, from early-stage user testing to later-stage growth “engineering” to optimize the user experience. I can also code (Python, Java, HTML/CSS, Swift) and analyze data (SQLite, Splunk)."
"I have been exploring design methods and processes from over 6 years. I have a skill set across all the spectrums of user experience design. I love exploring future technologies envisioning their use-cases and implication on users and society. I have worked with Microsoft to imagine future of digital inking and with Motorola Solutions to imagine future of self-driving police cars. In my thesis project I am exploring different use cases, interactions and experience of connected devices. It is an attempt to envision a future where the technologies are like our friends rather than robotic inanimate assistants. The idea is to appropriate them to help us accomplish our tasks rather than doing them for us.

I am a maker at heart. I like to explore and build applications for future technologies using existing tools. I have tinkered with and built tangible touch table, shape changing interfaces, IOT classroom. The latest one is Alexa controlled smart home which I built using raspberry pi. "
"I have been studying art and interactive media so  I have strong skills such as drawing, 2D design, and Video. My second masters is at ITP(Interactive Telecommunications Program) which solely focuses on the intersection between arts and technology at New York University. I think interactive media allows people to communicate with each other and I believe that art and technology collaborate together more than ever. Artists and Designers are important for their perspective of the world, and the direction they lead viewers to perceive that world. This is why I want to focus on being creative with other creators having diverse background.
"
"Human-centered design is indispensable to what I do. It is like air. I first discovered it at the Reese News Lab, a media incubator nestled in UNC-Chapel Hill's journalism school. Thousands of sticky notes and conversations with a few Fortune 500 companies later, I co-founded Kinethics with 3 awesome women. Businesswomen and storytellers at heart, we used cases of real companies that were prosecuted by the DOJ to walk users through choose-your-own-adventures, where in the end, we would simulate the consequences of their actions and pit those against what actually happened. 
This user-centered thread continued through the startups I worked for as part of the Venture for America fellowship — Conspire, and then FullContact (acquired Conspire). My roles in growth marketing and product management empowered me to talk to dozens of users, run usability tests, and ship awesome features at whip speed. I've got the chops to prototype, I want to improve, and I'm so excited to jump in."
"In Summer 2015, I attended the Italia Innovation Program in Vicenza, Italy, a month-long, intensive training in Design Thinking led by Bill Burnett, Head of Product Design at the Stanford d.school, and by various IDEO designers. There,  I learned all about design innovation and the IDEO way of thinking, and specifically worked with Italy’s oldest distillery to apply my learning of user researching, prototyping, designing, and iterating to disrupt the high-end alcohol industry. 

I’m also currently enrolled in a Harvard class called “Experiential Lessons in Designing for Desirability, which is an intense class where we apply these similar ideas for a new design challenge every week. Beyond this, I’ve worked in IoT at Cisco and interned as a UX Researcher at a startup, and these various perspectives on design that I’ve gleaned in the last few years will surely prove valuable to my team at the makeathon. "
"I’m decent at hacking together VR prototypes. I’ve made about 8 mini demos so far. I can also 3d model well enough to prototype.  For a midterm project I’m making a VR game to teach people to how draw. 

I’ve also been learning about how to design for VR, including what to focus on and what to consider avoiding. To help myself learn, I made a few schedules: https://medium.com/@momoro/learning-vr-design-4667a91c1d31#.uv6v9r33m I also recently led a VR design workshop for the other students in my grad program.

Before grad school I spent a few years as a UX designer. I learned a lot from my colleagues about how to do user research, come up with a range of ideas, and collaborate with engineers to make things real.

Thanks for taking a look at my application!"
"In 2015, I interned at Brand Fuel, a marketing and brand promotion firm, I gained foundational experience in product development, intellectual property protection, and marketing techniques for ‘packaging’ ideas. 
I am involved with Hemispheres: The Tufts University Journal of International Affairs. While our purpose is rooted in academia, the skills needed to produce such a journal can be applied broadly. I have developed strong collaboration skills, a great appreciation for the value of being open to new ideas, and the ability to offer constructive criticism. 
As Consulting Director with the 180 Degrees Consulting branch at Tufts, I’ve developed skills applicable to the collaborative and innovative thinking at IDEO. I have developed and sharpened my research, communication, and collaborative skills. Because we work with non-profits, our objectives and solutions must support  the transition of a good non-profit into a great one whose impact is out of scale to their size and resources."
"I have a broad background across Engineering fields, which is necessary to understand technical aspects of a project. When it comes to knowing how to build something --not to mention whether something is even possible to build-- it’s imperative that one has this technical background so that one can quickly understand the technical underpinnings of a project.
  
However, without a vision of where something could go, it can be hard to see a product or technique outside of just it’s immediate application. As a lifelong musician and actor, I’ve spent countless hours asking and answering the question “How can I use ____ to make the audience feel more angry/elated/doubtful/surprised/etc?” I think that it’s this attitude that allows one to see connections, making it possible to have novel discoveries, rather than just focusing on optimizing what one already has. 
"
"I strive to put ethical design thinking and physical prototyping at the forefront of my work. An idea is meaningless without showing it tangibly, and a solution is meaningless when the problem space isn’t holistically considered. I love using my hands to prototype on paper and with arduinos, and using my UX knowledge to imagine complex systems simplified. I have prototyped for both environmental design and virtual design, and am familiar in working quickly with interdisciplinary teams in iterative hackathons. I enjoy facilitating dialogue and discussion by frequently asking ‘how might we’ questions. In my experiences at a design studio, I have learned the critical importance of listening— really listening— to peers and mentors with deeper knowledge of a certain topic and fusing those pieces of information together to create a mental map for a project. The CoLab makeathon would be a once in a lifetime opportunity to apply my background in tangible prototyping and design thinking. 
"
I'm ready and eager to dive into new challenges, and love working with teams. I'm comfortable making across a variety of mediums - digital fabrication, physical fabrication, front-end web development, graphic design, sensors, etc. I've worked on teams to develop products, interactive experiences, trainings, assessments, websites, and databases. Previously, I worked in social sciences research, and have a human-centered lens and fluency in data analysis and visualization. 
I’m a natural problem-solver and have talent for structuring and breaking into pieces ambiguous problems. Spending 2 years at McKinsey I got experience in different geographies, sectors and functions which would allow me to see applications across industries. I worked with CEO and CxO level executives and develop my communication and presentation skills. Consulting also made me a good team player, listener and facilitator. I’m able to build effectively on others’ people ideas and to connect different dots. I was told I’m extremely good in summarizing information and highlighting “so-what” of the discussion. 
"I am super passionate about leveraging technology to do good in the world.  I’ve spent the past two years collaborating with individuals who are leading the movement to improve the role of technology in our government, first at The GovLab (http://www.thegovlab.org/) with Beth Simone Noveck (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beth_Simone_Noveck), and this past summer at Microsoft on the Technology and Civic Innovation team.  

From these roles, from my studies in the classroom, and from developing Aspire, I’ve learned to appreciate that (1) well-engineered software and (2) diversity of thought are crucial to addressing public sector challenges.  I’ve also learned to appreciate the value of collaborating with and learning from people whose skill sets and perspectives differ from my own.
I believe my experiences and interests have helped me build a unique and relevant world-view and it would be a privilege to share it at this makeathon. Thank you for your consideration!"
In addition to being a technology-forward designer who loves making things, I’m relevant and valuable to this makeathon because I’m a bridge type of person who naturally looks for common ground to bring people and goals together. Before grad school, I worked in a flight simulation company where I helped develop and pitch custom systems that enable researchers to study pilot performance in advanced, automated aircraft. I became the unofficial liaison for unusual requests because I repeatedly found ways to turn “we can’t do that” into “we can,” by making sure to understand every stakeholder. 
I have some background in both AI and IoT. I interned last summer at SUTD working on Natural Language Processing by training neural nets. Also, the project I linked above is essentially an IoT device. 
"Having spent a summer designing and developing custom VR hand gestures in Unity 3D on Oculus Rift, and a winter internship at NASDAQ developing an AR Data Visualization application on Microsoft Hololens, I have built-up more than just the essential skills for the IDEO Co Lab makeathon.  

During the three weeks in my internship with NASDAQ this January, I have: 
1. Developed custom input methods for Microsoft Hololens: Gestures, Voice Commands and Gaze Input
2. Designed a user interface (UI) and heads-up-display (HUD) that utilizes the benefits in Augmented Reality and it’s infinite screen space
3. Implemented manipulation and selection of data-points, displaying statistics of clusters
4. Built a toolkit to help data-scientists to visualize and control time-series data with real-time animation

I will not only be able to jump right into developing applications, but also guide my team in overcoming the many challenges in virtual/augmented reality."
"As an intern at the Wyss Institute for Biologically inspired engineering, as a course assistant in Harvard’s Mathematics Department, and as an Applied Mathematics concentrator, I have developed strong quantitative and STEM-related skills that help me solve problems. But my experience working on teams to independently come up with ideas will intertwine with these skills in interesting ways at the workshop. As a member of the Harvard iGEM team last summer, I learnt a lot about the mind-set it takes to constructively criticise the proposals of others, to hear your own ideas criticised, and to reorient a project when it is failing. As a member of the student board at the Harvard Art Museums, I have worked with fellow members to think critically about the way students interact with the museum because of its branding and design. I believe that at the workshop, these skills will be important, allowing me to contribute productively to my team.  
"
"I’m a T-shaped business designer with a deep set of business #skillz combined with experiences across industries and regions:
Skills
* Analytics: at business school, I’m majoring in statistics and have taken courses in modern data mining techniques. For example, I analyzed 10,000 reviews from Amazon using data from Kaggle and natural language processing in R. 
* Product Management: last summer, I worked with eight software engineers to build new features for a consumer internet product. For example, I helped launch a new sign-in feature using Facebook.
* Strategy: prior to business school, I performed research and analysis at a social enterprise that serves 400,000 customers. For example, I used IDEO’s Human-Centered Design Toolkit to launch a new business line in Ethiopia.
Experiences
* Technology: product manager at a series C machine learning startup in Silicon Valley
* International Development: strategy manager at a social enterprise in Africa
* Finance: investor on Wall Street"
"Startup Experience: I have four years of experience working on early stage startups to design new business models. In these companies, I embraced the “lean startup” methodology to ideate, test, and iterate until I found what worked. At Dear Kate, for example, that meant testing outreach to different customer segments until I found the customers who were most excited about the brand and had the lowest customer acquisition costs. 

Anthropology Background: As a human-centered business designer, I leverage my background in anthropology. After studying anthropology as an undergraduate, I completed several ethnographic research projects, including a study on immunization practices in pediatric clinics in Rhode Island, and a Fulbright research grant in Benin, West Africa. In both cases, I developed recommendations based on a deep understanding of the people affected by the problem. My empathetic interview and focus group facilitation skills are valuable for the user-centered design approach"
"I think I'm a designer trapped in a coders body!

I'm resourceful and creative, and I have a very broad technical background.  Robotics is a pretty unique field in the breadth of skills it requires --- I've done impactful theoretical and practical research in robotics and AI;  I build low level electronics, write sensor drivers, do mechanical design and fabrication, and design high-level systems that coordinate dozens of computational processes to perceive information from sensors, and make decisions of actions the robot should take;  I also do quantitative data analysis, and code visualizations to show the robot's view of the world.

Aside from that, I'm always working of technical side projects with friends, and I have a strong background in making & coding.  Some days I write web-scrapers, other days it's an autonomous DJ that analyzes raw audio, or just a web-connected servo that unlocks my door when I get home.

"
"My skills and background will add value to the makeathon because I have experience in some of the big technologies that the CoLab is exploring, including AI, IoT, and Blockchain. Furthermore, I have worked in cross-disciplinary teams and have enough of a design background to contribute in a makeathon team. 
I have been studying and doing projects in Machine Learning/AI for the past three years, where I have worked on problems in image processing, natural language processing, and prediction modelling.
I have interned at an IoT startup, where I wrote algorithms to do data processing and noise-filtration for heart rate sensors, so I am aware of challenges like data quality and battery life that affect IoT applications.
I took a survey course in design which covered various design topics and the design process, and applied this process this to develop a customer-service chatbot as a capstone project. I keep current by reading design books and listening to podcasts such as “IDEO Futures”.
"
"I’m definitely much more of a generalist than a specialist, and I think this quality, and my comfort with software, hardware, and creative processes would fit well into a small team for an IDEO makeathon.

As an engineer, I’ve designed circuits, drawn with SolidWorks, worked on the mill and lathe, TIG welded, handled the aesthetics of many projects, and won Stanford’s Excellence Award for building a robotic gripper.

I also love to create art, particularly by writing poems. When I’m drowning in psets, poetry reminds me of my personhood. Poetry also makes me a better engineer; just as I’ve learned not to settle for the wrong word, I won’t settle solutions that aren’t as elegant as they could be.

Finally, I enjoy CS. I took Stanford’s systems coding class, even though it wasn’t required, and relished the puzzle of it.  That's a huge part of who I am; loving learning, even if I'm not familiar with the topic, and that's something I think would be valuable at this makeathon. "
First and foremost, I think my diverse background will help any team generate a broader range of concepts and hopefully help identify market opportunities that weren’t otherwise visible. Second, I believe my knowledge of the blockchain space, amongst the other categories, as well as in finance, can be an asset to teams. Finally, I have played NCAA Division 1 sports and national team sports, and I believe my leadership can be an integral part to any team.
My background in architecture, mechanical engineering, and industrial design allows me to balance technical requirements with consideration of human experience and usability. I design by creating and testing prototypes to inform my decision making, and by thinking critically about problems to propose creative solutions to user needs.  In addition, previous roles as leader of group dynamics and communication have helped me to be comfortable working in large groups, as well as independently.  I am eager to learn from my peers, and I am motivated to learn and develop new skills as I work.
While I formally study interaction design at my university, my background is actually in geography--that is, the study of the spatial-social relationships around the globe as a means of understanding how to solve the world's hardest problems, like economic inequality, climate change, education, and more. These are deeply complex and intersectional issues that require people of all backgrounds and skill sets to come together and collaborate upon. And if history is any indication, the most innovative solutions are often conceived at the nexus of difference--we tap into creativity when we marry radically diverse disciplines, ideas, and people. Being a hybrid designer-geographer, this is what underscores my passions and my career, and what makes me excited to participate in collaborative events like the makeathon.
I am a maker, and a business designer with a firm grasp of technology, and extensive understanding of business and market needs. I received my MS in Electrical Engineering from Stanford. I’m currently in the MBA program, focusing on entrepreneurship and innovation. I have experience building and designing products in Qualcomm and Blackberry. Also, as a business consultant at ZS Associates, I assessed and addressed business needs of small to large firms. I have been in the executive team of 2 startups, in Enterprise SaaS, and Wearables. I believe that my background gives me a very diverse toolkit to use design thinking to explore and address the intersection of technology and business needs. 
"As a member of an entirely interdisciplinary major program at USC, I have learned about human centered design, design thinking, project development, and have gained experience in collaboratively working on projects. I recently created a makeup set. The process included conceiving of the idea, sketching out my plans, and creating the actual product with packaging (with which I included a handmade hologram projector). I have also created graphically-represented research for coffee companies, learned 3D modeling and HTML/CSS, 3D designed and printed items such as a plant container, and am continuing to learn and create. Applying the skills I have acquired to collaboratively create innovative solutions as a part of IDEO’s CoLab Makeathon would be a dream come true. 
"
"Aside from my high energy and creativity, I can bring strong communication skills, experience and knowledge of the utility/renewable energy industry, and product management experience to the makeathon. 
I worked to help utility companies understand and implement energy storage systems onto the grid. Through my work, I developed strong communication skills that allowed me to work with people from different backgrounds--engineers, business people, regulators, and help them understand each other's perspective and work together for a common goal. I also gained extensive knowledge of the electricity grid, energy markets, and the challenges of integrating renewable energy onto the grid. Aside from my domain expertise, I have unique technical product management experience. I developed a software tool for utility companies, helping them understand the value of energy storage in various cases. "