Current Idea -- I want to build schools in factories then drop them into remote locations where students find it hard to learn. Link this with one of the internet satellite constellations that'll be going up in a few years and you can bring the best teachers to the most needy students. The schools would be simple structures made of light materials, and they'd be boxy enough that they could put themselves together. Solar panels would power the process. Everything within the school would be operated remotely or using an AI that could adapt to individual environments. The airdrop package would include a school and necessary student aids (TV screen, iPads, and maybe space food packets [hard to learn when you're hungry]). The structure would basically pop-up. The doors would be controlled remotely. And the students would be instructed through videos for the basic lecture and then by instructors for the more difficult parts of their lessons. If there are language barriers, this could be paired with google translate and a text reader. Of course, this is just an initial thought. But I'd love to build it.  
I'm particularly excited about AR and AI. I think that AR has the potential to transform the way that products are designed by introducing greater intuition into the process and enabling new methods of collaborative design. My interest in AI pertains to a software company that I'm working on in the area of manufacturing automation--we are planning to apply AI to solve problems that are currently major obstacles to startups and SMEs building hardware products.  
In my classes last semester, I was able to learn and code in Arduino and Processing and pair it with wearable garments to figure out solutions to potential problems that will arise in the near future. What you will see in the linked project above is an air-pollution-detecting garment embedded with an Arduino to communicate to a data collection and visualization system to display crowd-sourced air quality statistics to its users. One of my passions is the intersectionality of clothing and tech and how our garments can capitalize on rising technologies to better our future livable spaces.  Specific to the makeathon, I am most interested in augmented and virtual reality after having taken a design class where we were able to generate our own landscapes using videogame software and then experience them in VR. If I had an opportunity to further engage with these technologies and link it with my understanding for design and future emerging tech, I think the results would be awesome.
The most exciting of these to me is augmented and virtual reality. I'm all for living in the moment, because to me, it's one of the things that I would say is key to happiness. Virtual reality allows you to expand that moment infinitely into whichever context you choose. One moment I could be here in Cambridge, and then the next I could be looking underwater at a rendering of a coral reef, examining different species of coral, or practicing surgery on a patient, or even just relaxing at the beach in Hawaii. The possibilities with virtual reality are quite literally endless as they can lend themselves to learning, teaching, relaxing, and so much more. 
"Virtual Reality was something that captured my attention for many years as its artistic and transformative nature seemed dreamlike. As VR is finally getting to the point where it is accessible to the consumer and developer, I couldn't wait to get more experience integrating VR into creative solutions.  While I was working in product development at Calvin Klein this Summer, I wanted an excuse to incorporate VR into my experience.  I was asked to create a project that would increase brand engagement and immediately thought of the emotional, accessible, and beautiful potential of VR.  I spent weeks collecting stories, meetings, and photoshoots through 360 degree video capture. I compiled the VR videos into an app that displayed what being modern, provocative, and iconic meant to the employee and customer. The app was shown to the executives and they were completely amazed by how the app allowed the viewer to be transported into a completely different environment, creating an emotional connection no traditional forms of marketing would be ever able to.  At that point, I recognized the emotional beauty of VR could be applied to other scenarios with greater potential to change people’s lives: from helping paraplegics visualize walking and making groundbreaking recovery gains, to making the world a smaller, more interactive place for loved ones, separated by thousands of miles. 
	I applied the method of VR video creation to a women in tech mentorship app and as I continue to work on the app and build the library of content, I realize how the VR capabilities have created a community of women who can encourage others. The fact that technology can create products with such tangible and scalable impact, motivates me to continue pursuing a career in engineering and innovation, despite the challenges that come with breaking into the sector. "
"It is an exciting time to be a designer where the boundaries of your skills are blurred; it is a complete amalgamation of Industrial, visual, motion, technology, human science, behavior and many other aspects which affect in completing the cycle of Experience design. 
Having a background a strong background of industrial and interaction made me interested in interactive products (tangible & intangible) The new emerging problems and services need to cater to a different domain which is bending towards humanizing daily objects viz. interactive products and services. Understanding social and behavioral context provides cue about the environment, essential and desirable. I am extremely absorbent to such design problems and therefore enjoy speculating, conceptualizing and tinkering with the solution. I
AR/VR have the strong power of storytelling, presuming that it as a platform to express and practice real life. If designed well it can change negative perception into positive, reduce energy waste and bring many other drastic changes. I am keen in designing and learning to design for near future which clearly is AR/VR as tangibility is blurring away. 
  
 "
Virtual and augmented reality have successfully made a break into the entertainment world but the possibilities do not stop here! AR/VR can be expanded, once the technology becomes cost affective, and spread to all kinds of applications such as business, healthcare, travel, sporting, even at home chores. The possibilities are endless and I am excited to see how this technology develops and helps lives become more efficient, effective, or enjoyable. 
"I possess an eager interest to explore immersive design in virtual reality because of the endless possibilities that come with it. There is nothing more exciting than creating an experience for a new medium and exploring an uncharted territory to become a better designer. 

This medium fulfills the yearning of audiences today who are so sophisticated that they can absorb several flows of information gushing in more rapidly than ever before. They desire for a more intimate connection to their entertainment. Virtual reality is the natural evolution of this need; the natural evolution of story. It exists as an enticing release to capture their unbroken attention, a flight from materiality like never before experienced. Every time the audience puts on a headset to experience a virtual reality creation, they’re letting the medium put them into an altered state, like a digital drug. With the right sounds, the right visuals, and more, an illusion can be held making the experience a memory that can become part of you. This is the clear divide between experiences in virtual reality versus television, film, and all other artistic mediums for that matter. Film is where someone can share the story of an experience, whereas virtual reality is where you can give someone an experience that they can generate their own stories from. It’s fundamentally about being somewhere. Other mediums are a window one could glance away from, a door you could shut.

Virtual reality from the audience perspective is an indulgence and from the storyteller a creative opportunity unparalleled; the ability to hack consciousness in the waking world. The boxes that we put art forms into, painting, filmmaking, writing, can all be removed. Audiences put on the headset and give themselves an experience. It’s never the same experience twice; they come back over and over again. I believe they come out with a better appreciation for the beauty of life. 

Virtual reality fuses the audience into a synergic relationship with the story, providing glimpses of new existences and perspectives that leap into the abyss away from the familiar consumption of our living room couches. The intrigue towards the world, its characters and story, the control you have over it, will require the audience of the future to engage alongside their entertainment with remarkable intimacy, with unforeseen emotional bonds and commitments. This profound reciprocity between storyteller and audience is an ongoing evolution of constant exploration and understanding, fueling creative rumination of stories. Virtual reality’s innate transcendency is redesigning storytelling not on a stage, or words on a page, or behind a glass screen, but totally immersed within screen.  "
I believe that artificial intelligence will be the most important ingredient in any future technology. I don't believe that human intelligence will ever be outstripped by artificial intelligence so I feel comfortable working in this space. "Artificial intelligence" doesn't really imply actual intelligence but it refers to complex analysis and mathematics that can give a technical system a semblance of 'insight' and the ability to 'learn.' It excites me because it's not something that it is directly tangible to imagine or reference - it's ephemeral and magical. 
"My PhD research focuses on utilizing augmented and virtual reality to design and develop better ways for soldiers and robots to interact during combat. These emerging technologies will enable human robot interaction (HRI) that is more effective and efficient. Better HRI will result in better teamwork between humans and robots during combat. I've spent the past 5 years working on this project, so it should come to no surprise that I am ecstatic about this technology!

I am also super excited about blockchains and their effect on decentralizing transaction-based systems. Artificial Intelligence is dope. IoT will give us better (and more) data and therefore more intelligence. Whoever picked these topics for the makeathon deserves a virtual high five!"
I believe that designers must be in the forefront of these technology to help create a better streamlined experience. As the technology is getting better, our behavior is also changing and we often face to experience what’s unnatural for us. For the past year, I have been interested in using artificial intelligence to create a low cost self-driving car. I have been involved in a project of reimagining Tesla Model X’s heads-up display and dashboard design. In the project, I did a research on how the AI trend is changing the momentum of driving experience and tried to redesign what it would look like in the near future. 
"As someone who enjoys working with electronics and programming, I am particularly excited about augmented and virtual reality. There is incredible potential at the intersection of the physical and the virtual. Blurring that line by creating responsive experiences is something that excites me as both an artist seeking to make expressive, interactive work, and a designer/educator looking to create technology that transforms the way we understand and interact with the world around us. 

Another area of interest is IoT. Electronic devices are becoming more deeply embedded in the objects we interact with each day. As we move past the GUI and it's established affordances, I see exciting potential to meld smart devices with other objects in our environment and create new behaviors and interactions. How can we use this technology to access new data, and apply it improving our quality of life and solving large-scale problems? 

"
Augmented reality will bridge the knowledge gap, artificial intelligence is going to extend our possibilities as humans and the internet of things is going to empower or day to day! Excited !!
Augmented and virtual reality excites me because I see it as an opportunity to enhance and augment (pun intended) nearly every aspect of our lives with robust and powerful technology. I see AR/VR as an evolutionary step beyond 2-dimensional visual interfaces. It will change how we control devices, entertain ourselves, and interact with the people and world around us.
I find a number of these technologies interesting, but IoT is one that I'm particularly excited about. As billions of new devices come online in the coming years, the way we interact with the world around us will be transformed. However, the devil will be in the details - the way in which we design these interactions will define whether they bring us joy and simplify our lives or whether they overwhelm us with information and put our data at risk. I find thinking through these opportunities that IoT will present incredibly interesting.
"In all honesty, I can talk about how every single one of these technologies excite me. However, I will focus on an overlooked but major quality of virtual reality.

Many of us tend to correlate virtual reality with games. While that field is boundlessly interesting, I am excited about the medical potential of virtual reality. 

Virtual reality can help the blind, the disabled, the old, chronic patients, children -- the list is endless. It can help the blind see, it can help the old live (there are many philosophical debates on the meaning of the word ""live""; however, in this context, it refers to the enjoyment of activities otherwise not possible), it can help children feel more at home, it can even train future surgeons without the risk of an actual life. 

Both my grandmother and my best friend are blind. The difficulties of their realities are unimaginable. Hopefully, virtual reality will change that."
Augmented and virtual reality as well as artificial intelligence has always intrigued me not only because I have always been into video games where those things are really making powerful leaps into the future, but also because I feel like both augmented and virtual reality as well as AI can solve a lot of problems in both our society and health industries and overall make our world a better place to live in.
In all honestly, I am one of the individuals that finds artificial intelligence really cool and fascinating, but is somewhat afraid of it at the same time. Growing up, I would see the concept of AI in movies, so seeing it really come to life as a possibility in our society is a bit daunting as it is something that can really change the world. However, I think instead of being afraid of change, it is good to embrace it and be open to learning more about it, especially since it is likely inevitable that AI will continue to be a growing field.
I love things that react and respond to our physical world. Augmenting what we already have/ extending our capabilities with technology is my utopic dream. I strongly believe IoT and AR are here to stay. ( Not a big fan of VR _xd83d__xde11_)
After attending an intensive two-week workshop with Virtual Reality, I've become excited towards how visceral an experience in Virtual Reality can feel. This is unprecedented in the history of media technologies - never before have I been so terrified by falling off a virtual cliff, or so thrilled while flying through a digital galaxy.
I have an interest in changing the culture of what life should be about-a curiosity for designing multiple solutions to any one problem. Although augmented and virtually reality is a tool that many view as a cooler way to play video games, there is a deeper value in its purpose. This tool can help designers and educators gain a deeper understanding of what other people are experiencing, a way to gain empathy. Not only is this tool going to enable people to communicate their ideas visually and verbally more effectively, it will allow people to be more personable. It is a tool that empowers us to look beyond our cultural differences and see our similarities. 
Augmented and virtual reality really excite me as a platform for new creations. It's a relatively unexplored field, with no standards and countless opportunities for products to advance wellbeing, efficiency, and gaming. It takes everything we know about 2 dimensional experiences and adds multiple sensory layers on top of it, creating completely novel environments.
I'm most excited about AR/VR and IoT. All of these major focuses are increasingly present in new technology and research, but AR/VR is specifically interesting to me because it is at the apex of experience design. AR and VR allow new levels of immersion that can continue to be explored for things beyond games and novelty. I'm also interested in IoT - I've recently started working on embedded electronics and am excited to continue working on projects that can collect useful data and use the internet to power computation for productive change.
The topics discussed in CoLab are at the cutting edge of technology. My reason for wanting to participate is to gain a better understanding the best applications of these new tools. I would like to absorb as much as possible from the workshop in order to inform my own work.
My work has always been about leveraging emerging technology to solve problems and/or create new opportunities. As technology has evolved so has my focus expanded from crafting business solutions to piloting tech-based solutions that impact personal & professional lives. I'm pursuing my M.Ed to focus on IoT and how creative/strategic use of technology can make a real difference addressing fundamental education challenges.  I'm also intrigued by the potential for  VR and AR to engage, inform, impact, and even influence people through immersive experiences. I see vast potential to utilize in education, communications, and social justice initiatives but have much more to learn to play an active role. My past consulting work gave me a hint of possibilities... first by exploring with colleagues the potential use of AR in business solutions. Then by helping to launch the Vis-Edge practice to visualize and accelerate business innovation through ideation/rapid prototyping. In our limited way, back in 2009-2012 we were trying to immerse our clients in new perspectives. VR/AR is more readily accessible, affordable, and extensible today.     
Technology has become more & more pervasive throughout the world during my life & I believe that trend will not only continue but increase. I love the possibilities technology provides to create useful things & want to be a part of doing that!
I'm interested in seeing the application to enterprise software to alleviate massive painpoints in the corporate and retail space. For example, augmented technologies could perhaps make it easier for movers to understand how a tangible product will fit in warehouses and rooms across their supply chain. The blockchain can be used to tag products and verify its legitimacy in industries where conterfeit goods are a major concern (like luxury goods). Personally, I want to be able to flex the internet of things by using sensors that allow local governments to track, in real-time, occupancy, in order to generate revenue by measuring the land-value of lots and street parking.
I have always been motivated by storytelling, from my undergraduate anthropology days, through my time in publishing and marketing. All three fields are about crafting, understanding, and sharing narratives of the world around you. I believe technology like AR, VR, and iOT have the power to redefine how we perceive, consume, and communicate stories. I would love to be part of this exploration and reinvention.
I have 5 years of experience on a Robotics team, and I also tinker with IoT devices like Raspberry Pis  and Alexa. I think Iot and AI are technologies that are fundamentally disruptive. For the past few years, we have started to see technology less as tools and more as companions. Iot and AI can give us the opportunity to "interact" with machines, and that can mean dialogue can occur far more. Experts need not be humans, and humans can do problem solving aided with AI that can learn, adapt, and react to the needs of a growing human populace. It is hugely exciting to see a future where cars are communal, and each one drives itself. It is exciting to see virtual reality giving experiences and memories to more and more people. 
"One of the greatest revolution of the XXIst century was the massive growth of the digital world. This revolution increased our productivity and connectivity. We now face two worlds: the digital world, and the physical world.

That's where augmented reality comes in. What if we could make these two worlds only one? What if we could make an integrated, digital-physical world. This is what excites me with AR and what I believe will be the next great technology revolution. It clearly is the future and that is why I enjoy working with HoloLens, creating holograms, imagining the future ahead of us."
I've become much more interested in augmented and virtual reality as a result of my previous studies in animation and work in computer graphics. Especially after seeing the 2016 AICP Award show Sponsor Real by Method Studios, I was so impressed by the realistic texture simulation. The the reel made me so happy to watch and continually brightens my day. I'm continuing to explore the computer graphics realm, but I'm curious as to how we can apply this technology to create a larger social impact. After all, a more realistic water simulation in a film is really cool and entertaining, but I'd like to push the boundary further and see if we can simulate environments that develop an empathy and greater understanding between communities around the world.
Before my fellowship, I spent almost two years at IBM Watson working as a design and user researcher on chat bot software and natural language processing APIs. In short, machine learning is not only work practice but my obsession-I'm so excited to explore the future of UX design and design research specifically around machine learning AND artificial intelligence.
Internet of things and Virtual Reality are two technologies that I obsessed about. I believe in the future scale of both technologies. The world is going to be all about being 'Smart and connected' and hence IoT is the future. Virtual reality's application in fields including healthcare, gaming etc are exciting given the problems that it can solve efficiently
As stated above, I have a vested interested in connected fitness, in which I'm currently exploring the use of augmented and virtual reality. I'm also exploring the possibilities of the internet of things in a fitness experience. AR, VR, and IoT all have the potential to bring more meaning to the technology we interact with and the world we experience, and that really gets my blood flowing. 
Artificial intelligence will impact the work i do
I am fascinated by VR, AI, and IOT, and particularly their applicability to healthcare and improving quality of life. As someone who seeks to innovate in our broken healthcare system and bring accessibility to all, I know IOT is incredibly important and rampant with products that have had great impact already. As for VR and AI, the greater implications of both are still unknown to me, but I think we are just pushing down the borders as to what they might be capable of. I would love to explore the intersectionality of the industry I'm in and the potential VR and AI holds to improve lives of patients, caregivers, and even healthcare infrastructure itself.
"RobinHealth was a consumer-health play that relied on AI and IoT. The tech to support our vision didn't exist yet in many cases but we were cutting edge where we could be and laid the foundation to take advantage of the newest applications.

AI and IoT are going to be massive trends in many verticles, especially healthcare as we move further towards outcome-based payment."
I have started closely following the history and development of AR/VR just recently and, in turn, have grown a deep interest in both. To witness the growth and popularization of AR/VR, to me, is like to travel back to 1970s and experience the emergence of PC and Mac. It is very exciting. In addition, this quarter, I have been taking a class called ‘Virtual People’. It introduces VR from various perspectives with a focus on the people in the virtual world. Through this course, I realized that VR is not merely a technological feat, but also, on top of the foundation of technology, a mixture of psychology, sociology and business as well. The interdisciplinary approach to VR fascinated me. And during the course, I had several opportunities to try the VR headsets myself as an experiment participant and I loved the experience. 
Of that list, the Internet of Things really stands out to me. I have often had conversations about this concept, and I equate it with using technology to help people. There is so much to be explored, and if  some of these experiments are successes, that means that we could really make a positive difference in people's lives.
IOT and artificial intelligence tickles me the most of all the listed emerging technologies. These technologies have huge impact on our lives. Specially over the past few decades, we have seen tremendous amount of development and refinement in almost every product that we use which has resulted in a radical change in our lifestyles.  I see this effect growing many folds in the coming years.
Artificial Intelligence is the most exciting field for me in term of impact it can have on our lives. In many ways every life is already being impacted by AI in the form of curating algorithms on social media sites. By controlling and manipulating information, AI is directly influencing out thought and shaping our lives. This will only get more powerful in years to come and I am hopeful for all the positive applications of AI. As a designer I also have to think about the tangential impact of systems I design and AI poses unique challenges on that front as well. It would be interesting to discuss these ideas with the CoLab community.
I believe that engagement is cognitive and physical attentiveness to a task. I also believe that technologies are emerging that make sustained engagement (even in schools) a real possibility. I am excited by the chance to use fresh technologies to engage learners. We can do more than design for fun. We can design for higher cognition without losing fun. Augmented and virtual reality gives us a chance to do just that!
I'm especially excited by the combination of artificial intelligence and internet of things. Based on my exposure to sociology and psych classes, I've learned that people are often unreliable reporters of their own behavior. Using internet of things technologies allows for more and more implicit behaviors to be captured and utilized as inputs to programs that can be used to optimize systems (especially in the context of smart cities) for better function. Because the amount of data generated by IoT devices is enormous, it will be critical to use AI technologies to "filter" through the noise and flag interesting signals for trained people to take action with.
VR is incredibly exciting. I want to work with it more and spread the possibilities to more fields. There are so many applications of Vr from medical and therapy to CADing and creating to gaming and travel. It's so interesting and cool!
I'm excited about the potential role of augmented and virtual reality in providing immersive learning envirnoments for both students and educators.
I believe all of these technologies would have deep influence on people's life in the future, just like the influence of mobile phones at present. As an architecture student, obviously, AR/VR makes future for designers to think, design and demo.  For example, designers could easily use AR/VR to place furniture in the house, and communicate easily with clients.  The traditional medias must be replaced by these technologies in the future. I'm excited to witness the whole process of development and hope to be one to participate in it.
"Many believed Pokemon Go to be a flash in the pan, but seeing how quickly people took to augmented reality got me excited. So often, we see a habit form through gaming or fun (think of social media), but that habit can then turn into a new way of doing – one that incorporates a new technology for the better. I am excited about the dual functions of AR: utility and connections. Since AR provides an opportunity to visualize something in a space, it can be used to plan out furniture and art in a room, tattoos on a body, urban design and planning, and so much more. The ability to live in two realities at once is so useful in the design world, where visualizing, testing, and iterating are key to developing the right end product. AR makes this endlessly easier, much in the way 3D printers for the masses transformed the world of prototyping a few years ago.

But I’m also excited about the connections that AR can create. We can view those who played Pokemon Go in their own bubbles as removing themselves from society, or we can recognize that this encouraged many gamers to go outside and interact with the world around them. AR has the potential to connect in other ways as well, by creating another “layer” that won’t make its mark on our existing landscape, but that can surprise and delight users from around the world. Imagine a graffiti AR layer at national monuments, so that users can leave their mark without destroying a historic site, and others can see this graffiti and enjoy it separate from the monument itself. This can create a connection among users and can encourage users to flex creative muscles on a particular space. I am also inspired by the way that Occupy Wall Street used AR years ago to create connections amongst its supporters around the world: users across the globe created protest art that could be seen at the protest grounds, which gave them a way to participate in the protests despite being unable to attend. 

By enabling us to see the world differently, AR can enhance our experiences by making designing easier and by encouraging design without detracting from an existing space. I am eager to think about new and meaningful applications of AR to create a more connected, user-friendly world.
"
"I'm fascinated by artificial intelligence, augmented reality, and the internet of things. Artificial intelligence because I find humans fascinating, the way we think and interact; the idea of creating technology that can interact in similar or complementary ways, that can engage us and change how we think? How we live? AI intrigues me because of the potential it has; as a tool, it could easily fit into so many aspects of our lives, whether that's medical, social, entertainment, or educational sectors. The internet of things also interests me because it changes how we live. It affects our personal ecosystems, our behavioral habits and can influence the way we interact with our homes, work, and other people. It provides a fluid connection in our lives that I believe empowers and draws us closer. Yes, there are risks, but there are with many things in life. 

Augmented reality is extremely exciting to me. Virtual reality is great, but augmented reality is taking our environment, which is already beautiful and fascinating, and adding to it, rather than distracting or detracting from it. It can completely revolutionize how we live, travel, communicate, explore cities and connect with our neighborhoods. Like any other technology, it's a tool, but it is so incredibly powerful. I would love to work with Augmented reality in the future, because I feel like it has a lot of potential for helping people and improving how we live and see the world. I don't want to disconnect people from reality, but help them further engage with it in new and exciting ways. "
I studied data science recently at General Assembly, and am excited about how blockchain can be used expanded for encryption and security. Also studying data science, makes me very interested in AI as a tool to empower data scientists. Recently, I did contract work researching IoT product service value propositions, and feel like it is at the intersection of all the emerging technologies needs.
I have been involved in the IOT field for the past three years and nothing excites me more than how this field can evolve and make so many thing connected to each other, I also want to see how to bring VR into the IOT 
ARtificial Intelligence 
I am an enthusiast of using technology to tell better stories. I'm excited about learning the latest technology and industry trends in augmented and virtual reality.
A device in my backpack lets my family know I've arrived home, I control 6 different devices from my phone, and my watch tells me everything I need to know about my daily health and fitness. The internet of things is becoming seamlessly integrated into the modern way of life, and I am embracing it! I'm excited to imagine new ways devices and sensors can be woven into our daily gong-ons to make our interactions with our environment more conversational and responsive.
I started school again (for one year) after 10 years of industrial design. As a designer, I think you always need to le Arnaud from other and from New technologies. I'd like now to focus on New technologies innovation and at the Master 2 in Dauphine University, we work a lot around AI, Blockchain,  creative methods such as design thinking or C-K théorie. We use those as well for mission for known companies. So I am very excited to get the opportunity to keep working on these fields.
I took an Intro to Computer Graphics class last quarter and since then I've become super interested in Virtual Reality and the scope of this technology because there's so much we can do with VR. I've also been a web developer since I was 13 years old and I always get excited when I see a good web application with good design, so I'm glad to be working on anything that's technology-focused design 
Actually all four areas excite me. They all have one thing in common, which is being fwd looking with the intentin of improving human life experience, learning from patterns. I see them all as pattern languages. Their industries learn from an existing user experience and translate that knowledge into manipulating and creating new ways of realities. A new financial system, new ways to communicate and connect. Better storytelling and less missunderstanding. Less time spent on low value activity to free time for humans to explore even newer things. Green and efficient cities around smart communities, cities and upcomingly nations using the IoT. Loving to work across segments and industries i wouldn't pick one up. I just love them all :)
I'm interested in virtual reality and the educational opportunities that could provide for future generations. Education lays the foundation for opportunity and having an eye-opening history/science/art lesson one day in class could inspire the next Elon Musk blossom into fruition. Although I've excelled in my coursework throughout my educational career, I think inspiring some young student to change the world via VR is more than a real opportunity and I want to be a part of that.
"In 2017 and beyond, as consumers become more reliant on connected technology and the internet of things to optimize their experiences, this will result in more focus on applications and software platforms to be built for them. Increasingly, products are being designed around the absence of a screen, or for Augmented and Virtual Reality. Ongoing, users and designers will need to adapt to these new systems. Furthermore, as wearable technology becomes more widely adopted, designers will need to deemphasize the smartphone and remote as means to control internet of things technology. Ultimately, individuals might not need to speak, or gesture, for actions to take place, it is possible that someday these technologies could react to our thoughts. Artificial intelligence software already recognizes consumer behaviors and preferences, and acts upon them accordingly, so ‘mind reading’, or the equivalent through Artificial Intelligence may not be too far off. This is very intriguing. 

Secondly, with the advancements in Artificial Intelligence and the increased use of chatbots, corporations continue to focus heavily on automation through Artificial Intelligence to improve the users experience online and over mobile. Facebook Messenger, the Amazon Echo, and Google Home use chatbots, for example, as do airline industries and banks. Corporations want customers to be able to ask questions about their accounts and get immediate responses based on data available. This presents a challenge as consumers are demanding more information and choices in shorter periods of time. Because of this increase in demand for real time information, augmented reality and chatbots will present new possibilities for improved ways to interact with users, and how corporations can market and interact with their consumers in a seamless manner.  

These technologies and challenges excite me because the near future presents an increased focus on the use of augmented reality and artificial intelligence to assist consumers in the reception of real time information. 

"
I find all of the mentioned emerging technologies fascinating for myriad reasons but most importantly I believe they all have the capacity to have massive impacts on our world in equally positive and negative ways.  I believe these technologies will be instrumental in building beautiful aspects of our future but I am also concerned about their potential misuse and the externalities they can cause.
I believe the future of problem-solving is technology. I have first-hand experience creating art experience in VR AR and 3D technology. For 8 years, I have enough designing for 1% human, and now I am passionate to explore possibility designing experience for the other 99% people in the world, especially the senior citizen, refugees, people with disability, and hospitalized people.
"AR, VR and artificial intelligence are hot topics these days. At Adobe Research, we just released an experiment about ""PDF in VR"". (You can check this article:http://www.sfchronicle.com/business/article/Virtual-reality-makes-boring-PDFs-come-alive-10856650.php) In the lab, I helped visually communicate this prototype during its early stage within the company. 

I also worked on communicating the ""Intelligent Assistant for Photo Editing"" prototype within the company during its early stage. The concept got released recently (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6TccXFBY5g). It triggers both positive and negative opinions. But I think that's the fun part of working on communicating early ideas/prototypes. We are all learning every day to figure things out."
"As an artist and designer, I'm very excited about what the combination of artificial intelligence paired with augmented and virtual reality can do to educate and expand our understanding of history and design. 

Humanity moves in a cyclical nature. As one generation dies out, we are left with a vaccum of knowledge the incurs short term memory loss as a culture. We repeat our mistakes. If we could experience events in history with augmented reality or virtual reality and show future outcomes through artificial intelligence, humans could truly understand the highest parts of humanity as well as the lowest people may be able to understand the impact of decisions emotionally and physically instead of interpreting through words.  For example; a policy maker crafts a plan to introduce a new type of water system to a community. This plan could be submitted to an AI which would then craft every outcome possible and compare it with current and historical documentation. Policy makers could then use data to make decisions as well as experience the possibilities of the reality they create- such as walking through the landscape of the community with the water system, to experiencing the human immune system reactions that might incur from the factories that create the systems' parts. If policy makers are able to experience hypothetical or historical outcomes related to their experiences, they will gain empathy, wisdom and foresight to make smarter decisions. 

In a similar vein- art, architecture, and cultural experiences past and present could be viewed from anywhere in the world in virutal reality, or shown in augmented reality. Instead of reading or watching a video, viewers could witness events, walk through the buildings they designed, test out buildings not just in a super computer sandbox, but with their minds and bodies. At a certain level, consumption of media becomes meaningless because the mind is able to sift through it and discard experiences that are simply read or felt- art as we know it now impacts the body, the spiritual discouse of communication. Viewers could experience works wholly adding meaning and expansiveness to the range of human history.

In short, virtual reality and augmented reality guided by the power of human imagination and AI could allow us to create a world history to base decision making on that is meant to be understood with the mind and body."
Artificial intelligence is the future of the tech industry. Deep learning and machine learning are two truly fascinating subject matters that will change the way we look at "inanimate" objects. It demonstrates how amazingly capable computing power can be, and how complex these computerized neural networks can make... more rational, intelligent decisions than us humans (e.g.  Google AlphaGo). I am excited about what the future holds for AI, and how I will be apart of its development.
"All of these technologies are fascinating, but I'm particularly interested in augmented reality. In the short term, AR has huge potential in industries such as construction, education, or cooking. In the long term, I wonder if we'll all be wearing Google Glass-style hardware. Glass Glass had the potential to bring AR maps to life, but I wonder what happens next: will companies advertise in space as we walk down the street? (These could be the next decade's banner ads...)  

In short, there's a lot of potential in AR to help us in our day-to-day lives, and I'm excited to continue to think about what that might look like."
AR/VR is an immersive empathy machine. Let's not screw this up, people.
"When we were handed the Yili World Expo 2015 project in Milan, Italy.( Yili is the largest company in the Chinese dairy industry). We only had four days before filing a viable proposal, meaning all seniors on board. As the only qualified junior and designer of KV (key vision), I managed to get in contact with an illustrator overnight producing work that centered on milk in the future (in total there were 40 on display, 7 of which I drew myself). Personal resources accumulated over time paid off. I was the sole personnel at the wheel on covering every parameter from early communications, auditing all the way to the financial procedure, taking these pieces to the Milan expo for exhibition. The event turned out very successful. Afterwards representative from Yili revealed that the key reason they found our pitch temping was because of the illustrations, clearly depicting “future milk”. It dawned on me that an excellent design is a fairly efficient approach in communicating. 
"
I am personally excited about working in the space of Internet of things, blockchain and  artificial intelligence, especially to help the Aging population. I've been working on my Master's thesis which is exploring how we can engage the Elderly population in their own community and stay independent in their own homes longer. Although, these emerging technologies are far from a commodity, they can surely do the heavy-lifting for the people who need it the most. Finding the right technology for the right  people is what I do best.
Augmented and virtual reality excites me because it provides a different way of interacting with the spaces around us. AR/VR is powerful - it can be used in the arts to interactively tell stories as well be used in educational settings to support learning (among many other yet to be explored functions!). 
I am working on my thesis project which has IOT, AI technology involved. My undergrad thesis project is about smart kitchen which aline with IOT technology. As a designer, I really want to know more about from a different perspective like sociology, psychology etc. Since I am part of the society and these technologies, I think, are in their initial stage which can not be accepted by the majority of people.  I, as a future user, am curious what will be next for these technologies and how they will help or change my life in a good way.
I am very excited with AR/VR, I think these technologies bring so much opportunities on extending what human can do in limited space, resources and imaginations. Also it is a huge benefit to society in professional training, also in sustainable development, for example, what if we can virtually explore things on Amazon, that will save so much boxes for exchange and return!
Think about the way we interact with news or data. Most of it is linear--either in written forms or video broadcasts. We have to scan through so much potentially useless information to find pieces of what we need. Data visualization has come a long way in presenting information in a holistically digestive way, but even that is limited to 2 dimensions. I know there is so much opportunity in presenting news and information in augmented, 3 dimensional spaces, so that we can more easily navigate and more clearly understand information. Not to mention I think these experiences in themselves will inspire the pursuit of information by offering it through such delightful experiences.
Emerging mediums and new technologies are how we are able to push and advance the limits of our current life practices. We see this already with the internet of things changing the way people attend to their homes, where your can heat up or cool down your house even before you arrive at the front door. Moreover, in the past year AR changed the consumer landscape of mobile gaming with Pokemon Go, while a simplified form of AI allowed anyone to message the 44th president of the United States with the White House Facebook chatbot. Speculatively, we see efforts that plan to do the same with blockchains for the financial industry and virtual reality for the film/game industry. And the possibilities are excitingly endless! The pioneers who get to work now get to decide the standards of the future. That is why I took the initiative and designed a VR prototype in Fall 2016 to explore how VR can tell stories with interactive narratives. It was a ton of fun so please check it out at http://chiangchendah.com//lycan!
As a visual artist Vr is an exciting realm of immersive visual experience that can be quantified and made interactive .  As a designer AI will be a great way to set projections of concepts and digital prototyping .  In both directions my passion is to grow my existing set of knowledge , understanding of design and fabrication practices with in a collaborative team. Thank you for this opportunity .  
As an electrical engineer, I am really excited to see the future of the internet of things. I believe there is a lot that can be done in this field on behalf of technologists and designers. It is thrilling to be part of the revolution that uses the massive amounts of data to create tailor made experiences for people around the world
Before I come to CCA, I think I would totally give up programming and jump into design area. But we did tons of projects in class, which using diverse technology to support and ground concepts, like processing and Arduino, and discussed a lot about technology both at present and in the future. I realized that design and technology cannot separate, and it's my advantages that I'm sensitive at coding and technology. So now I'm working at Hybrid Lab at CCA, the place that magic things happen here, and help students with coding, debugging and developing their ideas.
I'm very interested in internet of things
AI and VR technologies excite me because I envision a future in which these technologies will be integrated in my daily life, just like social media applications are now. I enjoy contemplating the debate between keeping digital interactions minimal to preserve real life interactions versus having AI/VR technology elevate our lives to an extent some may argue to be unnecessary. I am interested in examining how design thinking and interaction design can ground AI and VR technologies to not cross the line between being elevating and empowering social interactions to overtaking it. There is a lot to be explored with these emerging technologies and it really excites me that I can be a part of it! 
"
I'm particularly interested in augmented reality. In fact, my long-term goal is to found an augmented reality hardware startup. With everyone looking down at their smartphone these days, I feel that people have become less engaged with the physical world around them. With augmented reality, I see the possibility of using technology to re-engage us with our surroundings. I see a future where smartglasses improve our navigation of foreign cities with real-time translations, or help us identify plants when hiking."
"Artificial Intelligence is a particular area of interest for me as I believe it will fundamentally change the way in which people live. Through my classes as well as my involvement in summer internships and hackathons, I often see how practical applications of Artificial Intelligence have lead to incredible advancements of common products (ranging from Facebook photo tagging to food production).

While there is cause for concern regarding how AI will affect the labour market, I believe AI has the potential to make major advancements in how we do things ranging from engineering design to drug design and discovery (which is currently often done by trial-and-error). Importantly, these advancements can be implemented to combat many of the fundamental development problems that exist in the world today. We are at the cusp of a paradigm shift in how things are achieved, and if carefully deployed with stringent public policy regulations, AI has the potential to drastically improve the standard of living of every person on the planet. The scope of its benefits are very large - although I stress again that care must still be taken to ensure that this technology isn't used to detriment others."
Artificial intelligence could unlock new human capabilities. I believe in the creative power of humans to create meaning and beauty, but ai (thoughtfully implemented), could unlock human capacities in new ways. What if AI could help level the playing field in some of the world's systemic inequalities? Maybe that's a little visionary, but I'd like to be a part of the team that problem solves in those directions.
IoT are incredible! The opportunities are endless form the possibility of predicting cancer by analyzing sleep cycles. The amount of information IoT devices will be able to give us is endless I can't wait to work in this field.
While Artificial Intelligence is an amazing technology for the future, we recently saw how some AI's like Microsoft's Tay, learn from humans on the internet which leads to the AI Bot learning some of the flaws of humanity. By the end of the day, the twitter bot Tay started saying sexist, racist things and had endorsed Adolf Hitler and referred to U.S. President Barack Obama as “the monkey.” As designers we sometimes tend to underestimate the dark side of humanity, omnipresent online, and miscalculate the undercurrents of bigotry and sexism that seep into artificial intelligence. I would love to work on eliminating that bias. Or learning what we can do about it.                      I am also interested in AR/VR becasue it enables us to design rich sensory experiences.                  After looking at the twitter page "internet of shit" I was initially discouraged from using IoT to make stuff as witnessed on the parody page (like an IoT stove that you can turn off with your phone, which is terrifying). But I eventually realized that this was exactly the reason why I needed to look at this amazing technology and apply it in a way that inspires better design instead of worse. 
The next revolution is about to occur: massive jobs will be lost, massive gains in productivity will be made, and I want to be part of the conversation that defines how our society will interact. How will we deal with the potential of massive unemployment? What about exploitation of goods and services? These are questions which need to be answered, and this highly excites me.
Internet of things really excites me. The amount of data and information being generated in today's age is immense, and if utilized properly it can have tremendous benefits. During my current project in patient adherence to treatment, I am looking for ways to leverage the information generated by patients to help the doctors make more informed decisions about the treatment. 
"Blockchains—If there's anything to be learned in the current state of global affairs it is that centralised systems suck. The DAO and other blockchains enable us for the first time to create robust networks that mimic the resiliency of those found in nature. 

Augmented Reality—Apart from the billions to be made in advertising, augmented reality promises a future where information becomes smart and contextual. Filtering the information that we have access to in our pockets so that it becomes actionable.

VR—The ultimate empathy tool will allow us to become immortal world builders. VR will change the way we organize ourselves and completely redefine the human experience.

AI—AI is more than emerging tech. It is the evolution of tech and too broad to discuss in the same context as the previous. What excites me the most about this is that in the infinite game of technology, we are always the benefactors. Technology after all precedes our species and we only exist because of technology.

The Internet of Things — I cannot wait to have existential debates with my fridge.  "
I want to create products that will revolutionize the way food is grown and consumed. AI, IOT and VR have great potential in Agriculture and I want to use my past experience in this to explore and validate product ideas.
As we're moving towards a period where more and more of the things we use are going online, they become not simple a watch or an alarm clock but devices to theoretically enrich and make our lives better through more personalized devices (AI). Yet, I think there's a serious challenge of the fine line between helpful in many ways and over complex as well as a device that's personalized or intrusive to privacy. And thus, as we're literally slowly creating the worlds around us, I want to be apart of making that world as simply navigable and enriching as possible.
Blockchain technology has the potential to transform the nature of global transactions and increase security for vulnerable populations. It can revolutionize mobile payments and lending in poor communities, reduce fraud and raise accountability in corrupt governments. As a former technology implementation consultant, blockchain excites me in its potential uses all across the spectrum - it's data security can help the United States government move forward to a unified service solution for our data. 
AI, coupled with mobile phone proliferation, has massive potential to unlock actionable information about the billions of people at the "bottom of the pyramid" (those living on less than a few US dollars each day). We are seeing farmers in Myanmar use Facebook, we are seeing women in Pakistan register their newborns via text message, and we are seeing businesses in India use satellite data to better deliver services to their disparate rural customers. Currently, few development practitioners are seeing social issues through a technological lens and this is where I think most of the disruption can take place to make the world more equitable and inclusive.
I've been excited about the internet of things and how it might change daily life and give us the ability to communicate with our homes and products. I'm also excited about how innovative storytelling and writing is needed for virtual reality content development (but how it requires a different kind of writing than even a video game, since the experience is user-driven and relatively autonomous). I really want to be involved in this world and helping to create a new kind of storytelling. 
Internet of things is of particular interest to me.  I have been working in the retail industry for the last 5 years and it is starting to embrace IoT devices now.  In my opinion for physical retail to keep on innovating and remain relevant to consumers, IoT is the key, creating smart devices able to capture shopper analytics to support spotting trends in store, and really understand your customers.
As a world languages teacher, I would have to think of innovative ways to expose my students to the language and culture outside of the mandatory textbook I was provided. Using AR/VR would have been such a transformational experience for myself and my students. I can imagine my students placing a helmet with audio recording capabilities and immediately be placed in a new context, for example, Cusco, Peru. Imagine the scenery of the Andes mountains for an inner-city student who has only seen skyscrapers or identical housing projects. Instantly, my student would be immersed in the setting and asked to engage in a conversation, in the target language, that would be recorded and played back later. They can even engage with other students who have on the device and support each other's learning. This can build up their confidence, self-esteem, and develop more culturally conscious students. 
I worked with blockchains and thinking through tangibles under the theme of Synthetic Biology. Also, have been working with Hololens and Oculus. I'm very interested in finding new visual design techniques in these unknown territories and elevate the emotional aspects of storytelling. I am very eager to explore how AI can solve problems, change perspective in looking ar daily matters, bring more joy to our lives. Thought of the possibilities is incredibly exciting.
While not an expert in these topics, the possibilities of merging virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things with architecture is really exciting: smart houses, virtual architectural presentations and visualizations, etc.   This represents a gigantic opportunity to expand the impact of these new technologies and to bring architecture, a generally slow-adapting practice, into the world of emerging technologies.
I believe augmented and virtual reality can enhance our human experience. Physicians and medical health professionals can experience their patients' symptoms. People can become more empathetic with one other in real life during virtual reality experiences. Companies can be more strategic about how they market and sell their products when using augmented realities as a tool.
I'm excited about blockchains because I see them as an untapped form of storytelling. Reading between the lines, they have the potential to tell rich stories about interactions and the hidden structure of complicated human networks. Through design thinking, maybe we could mine some of these stories and present them in a way that allows people to learn more about the human side of networks. As an architecture student, I would be interested in thinking about ways that spatial design could help to tell these kinds of hidden stories. 
I have focused my time in my grad program at Parsons in the study of internet of things, augmented reality, and combining them with artificial intelligence.  Currently I am in research and development of a thesis creating a product that explores the future of IoT and music technology.  I am also currently enrolled in a course that is integrating AI into VR and AR technologies.
I am especially interested in the intersection of BlockChains and VR. I want to consider trust in virtual spaces in a whole new light. I grew up at a time when the anonymity of the internet was seen as a positive. We could invent new identities and shape the way society saw us. This allowed a radical reimagining of what we thought was individually possible. I now believe that the way we consider identity on the internet must be reconsidered. I want some spaces to have new identities that maintain social control. Essentially, I believe that VR and blockchains have the potential to make us kinder to one another. I’d like to be given the opportunity to imagine futures with a team in that area. 
I have been working on virtual reality and augmented reality research for a long time. And I believe they are what I'm interested in.
The combination of AR and AI excites me the most since the PokemonGo app  has paved the way for the next unicorn startup that we will likely hear of in the near future. Setting the nostalgia component aside, the PokemonGo app has successfully demonstrated the ability to drive physical traffic to points-of-interests by tapping into our personal preferences and presenting them for us in AR. With the maturity of machine learning (AI), social media platforms and personality assessment (such as the one on our SmartAble.me platform), I can envision a platform that deeply understands users preferences and connects with AR vendors in the same way that say the Apple Store connects to developers. Such a platform would be an advertising heaven that competes directly with Google Ads and could charge more per lead.
Over the past few years I became obsessed with our planet energy consumption and producing clean energy. The world we live in needs help in solving major problems such as global warming caused by increased CO2 levels and other air pollutants. At the heart of that problem I think is the lack of options for our cities and governments to choose "green" energy made from clean resources. I am currently working on a -data driven smart cities- project for a major communications company to help them understand current social media trends and how to utilize the abundance of data generated on these platforms. It is enriching and eye-opening to see all the data available out there, and the impact we can have on our communities.
"I have always been excited about new technologies because I have always been fascinated with the possibilities they hold and what they could potentially mean for people and society. Since a young age whenever I have a minute I find myself thinking of the latest technology and how can it be applied to improve people's lives. 

I joined my MBA program to pursue this passion and come closer to the technology industry. It is clear to me that the only answer to the biggest problems that we are currently facing is technology, but it has the power to be used to both free ourselves or to benefit the few and leave the many behind.  I want to be part of this and help use technology to help people and not to make the gap between rich and poor bigger. "
Artificial intelligence coupled with the IoT is changing the way humans interact with one another and with machines. I think it is fascinating to see how these technologies affect society and change culture.
"I am a game-player. Through playing various computer games, I experienced the recent development of Artificial Intelligence during the past decade. Now, with AlphaGo hitting headlines several times, and Google Image accurately picking out photos in our albums based on keywords, I am very excited when thinking about the use of AI expanding to other fields in our lives. This is way IDEO CoLab is very attractive to me.

With my background in Math, I am very passionate about the analytics and algorithm behind AI, though I did not have chance to dive into the computer science and programming. AI to me works like a simplified model of our daily life; choosing results only rationally (as of now) based on chance deduction, simulations and experiences. As a model, AI is then very valuable as a tool to both simulate and to improve our lives, especially for technology-focused design."
Beyond my ever-growing obsession with futuristic films and shows (including Black Mirror and Westworld), I see how emerging technologies of blockchain, AR/VR, IoT and VR are shaping human experiences and want to be in the midst of that innovation. In the next couple months, I plan to join the business operations team for an IoT startup that is using artificial intelligence to search for faulty equipment in buildings that is causing wasteful spending. Prior to learning about the product and the industry, I did not realize that buildings consume 11,700TWh of energy per year and half of that is waste! Using AI and IoT technology to shift the paradigm in building monitoring not only saves millions of dollars for corporations but also reduces the amount of energy consumption. Energy inefficiency leads to blind spending; innovative design powered by AI and IoT holds the key to reduce poor financial spending, but more importantly the climate. Emerging technologies can alter both the digital and physical space we live in; I am excited to be part of that current.
"Today, ask the average person walking down the street to describe any one of these emerging technologies, and you will get a plethora of convoluted answers. The current uncertainty in how to define and describe many of these emerging technologies is in stark contrast to the certainty that these technologies will transform our lives within the span of likely just a few years (and in some cases we are well on our way already). While I have done extensive thinking around all of these topics in my technology consulting work, one of the areas that most excites me is the potential for AI in improving health and wellness. In a medical setting, doctors are only as good as their brains allow in terms of memory and recall, supplemented by accessible materials. I am excited, and hopeful, for the potential of AI to play both a decision support role in the medical field, as well as to analyze information and detect non-obvious correlations and patterns (we’d be getting into machine learning here too). As a fitness fanatic, on the health side I am excited by the role AI can play down the line in delivering customized coaching and workout support, and even in preventing injuries by detecting early warning signs. The human brain is a magnificent organ that will be extended and supercharged by AI and it’s potential for creating amazing impact, and amazing experiences. I'm truly in awe of it's potential!
"
I believe this technology allows designers to jump a step further into whats possible. Even if the means for advanced technology isn't designed yet, this creates a sense of what could be. I think being able to visualize something is very provoking for figuring out how to make it a physical, tangible reality. 
Personally, I am very interested in Virtual Reality and Artificial Intelligence. These technologies will give us unlimited opportunities and it is time to think about this opportunities and give a shape to our coming future to make it brighter for everybody. Lastly, my previous professional experience as a UX Designer showed me that, we need to think a lot about how to create the seamless transition to pass into these technologies, which are going to be in our lives in few years time, to make them equally accessible and beneficial for everybody.
When I went to World Fair Nano, I was so shocked that AR/VR technology is so close to us. It is so exciting to see that VR can create a brand new experience and really change people's life. I can really see that with VR, human can totally change the way they worked. Maybe professional nomads can easily get to work anytime with VR technology. Maybe people can use AR to help unskilled people to get into work.
I used to be a serious gamer. Designing VR/AR product that enables the immersive experience excites me.
I think artifical intelligence is an area that I'm mostly excited about.  Why?  This is an area that can be a lever to educate students around the world and create connectivity.  
AR/VR has potential to completely reinvent retail & e-commerce, from various technologies in store (e.g. ultra smart changing rooms) to the home-shopping experience. How cool would it be to virtually try on items you are looking to buy?!
We live in a world with exciting large scale challenges such as climate change and inequality, which can be addressed through the products created at CoLab. Some of these technologies can fundamentally change the lives of people all around the world. Internet of things, for example, has allowed people in remote parts of the world gain access to credit for energy efficient devices, through companies like Angaza Design. I am excited about the opportunity to be a part of the group that generates ideas which can have a tremendous amount of impact on people.  
There is always a debate on good or bad in the technology. For me, I believe these technologies are the great tools that we can use today as a new platform for creating better solutions to the problems we are facing today. 
As we all understand, augmented and virtual reality can speed up the iterative process of 3d modelling and open it up to users and clients to provide direct feedback. I’ve only briefly explored the possibilities of designing with IrisVR and Unity (creating and seeing a landscape from the perspective of a bee), but I’m convinced they can improve the way we design. Additionally, the internet of things has spatial implications that I’ve yet to design with but would love to understand better. On a recent trip to Cuba, just seeing people gathering around wifi hotspots in Havana revealed an obvious but still powerful insight into how communication, data, and devices transform public space. As internet access continues to grow in Cuba, I’m curious about how these transformations will inspire or possibly flatten certain types of creativity and design. 
"Block chain and AI are particularly exciting to me because of the new democracy-enhancing functionalities they offer.  AI has the power to make governments more responsive to the direct needs of citizens, and offers new avenues for addressing large challenges.  It will also change the very foundation of society by eliminating old ways of working and ushering in new ones.  

Block-chain is even more exciting to me because of its potential for creating self-enforcing contracts.  It can bring new levels of transparency to government spending, create a system for long-term giant scale public infrastructure and investment programs, provide enhanced security and trust within our voting system, and so much more.    "
I was a blockchain rep for Bank of America and believe in it's abilities to democratize finance and improve transparency.
Augmented and virtual reality is exciting because it blurs the lines of reality, truth, matter and technology. It can can be the solution, the problem, or both.
I am really interested in AR/VR. I really believe AR/VR is the future of human interaction with media but also know that there is a long way to go. I have a PS VR, which is an awesome product and reasonably priced, but it is somehow not as good as I expected. First the cords are making it look ugly. Second the resolution is still not there. Third it makes me feel dizzy sometimes. I think finding ways to solve these problems will unleash the huge potential AR/VR has.
I am excited by augmented and virtual reality because it is a strategy to put people into deep experiences quickly and effectively. Deep experiences trigger personal growth, development, and learning. Thus, AR/VR are powerful platforms to make people grow and learn. This can be applied both from a personal standpoint (e.g. insert a person in a social situation different than their own, developing empathy) and a business effort (e.g. testing how an object would fit in your living room to decide whether to buy it). People love when they grow and learn, so they will love AR/VR and its multiple applications.
While most people think of video games and entertainment when they think of AR/VR, I believe that VR in particular can give people access to experiences that would otherwise have been impossible for them, and that this has the power to create lasting behavioral change for the better.  Not only do people have access to these new experiences, but they can be incredibly powerful and emotional and allow them to develop empathy for people and things that were previously unknown to them.  As an example, VR allows people to experience what it's like to live in a Syrian refugee camp (an experience completely foreign to most), which helps them to gain empathy for the refugees and informs their future decision-making.  I believe that this technology can and will change the world and will allow people to connect in ways that have never before been possible.
A fear of AI and automation technologies strongly pervades the current public consciousness. Oxford economists recently claimed that up to 47% of the US workforce, including knowledge workers like me, is at high risk of automation by existing or developing automation technologies. I am excited to understand how these technologies will be introduced to society (affected by factors such as labor supply & demand, social acceptance, and cost of deployment). But even more so, I am driven to make sure these technologies impact us in a positive way.
My company is building an app for SpiinPiin.com which will include sime Augmented Reality in the app for view real time events happenning around the world. Journalism individualized. It has been an amazing experience building that technology and being introduced to it by my team. I would like to see how it can be applied to the healthcare which is a very broken industry. 
All of these technologies convert in a way or another. I am interested in digital rupture, but not alone for business purposes. My main concern is how they can serve societal changes towards participatory citizenship and democracy.
I'm really excited by AI’s potential to augment the creative process, either by automating away the menial parts of the creators’ jobs, or by making it possible to quickly explore, using generative methods, a universe of design alternatives.
AI technologies can help save a TON of time when it comes to mundane activities like form creation and submission. IoT technologies are grabbing so much data on us daily that can help optimize our lives, from our heating systems to the tags we see on products. I would like to work on making IoT more ergonomic and seamless, as I see not so much use in the QR scanning code world, yet a lot of potential with the product interaction.
Augmented reality, IoT, and to a lesser extent AI, will radically alter how individuals interact with the built environment.  Augmented reality especially excites me, as it creates the potential to insert another layer of designed information onto the built environment.  

I think that commuting is a huge waste of resources. So much of our economy involves procuring gas and building cars. People spend hours a day commuting, and a long commute is strongly correlated with unhappiness. I'd love to explore ways that VR/AR can make telecommuting more viable by offering an experience that captures more of the benefits of face-to-face interactions. 
Augmented and virtual reality opens up a whole new world of possibilities. I have seen people using this technology to try to solve problems in new and innovative ways. From city planning to the phantom limb problem, there are so many ways augmented and virtual reality can be employed. It excites me to see such a wide range of problems being addressed through this technology and inspires me to explore it more. 
"I’m particularly interested in the AR/VR space. Working in the Education and Technology, I’ve learned that experiences are the best way to learn new skills and emotions. What excites me about VR/AR is to create a new definition of how we can experience life, where there are blurry limits between real and virtual. 

Even though the technology itself is not new, there is evidence that the market is getting ready to consume it: we’ve reached a point where devices' penetration is huge, where cloud processing allows increases the power of cheap hardware and where the Internet is becoming omnipresent. Major markets, such as Communications, Education and Entertainment need to readapt their products and services to consider these new variables, and there are many opportunities to create and thrive there. 

As one example, I’ve been working in a very early stage project of High School experiences using VR, to understand how to use experiential classes to increase student’s empathy. There is a whole market of platforms, apps and hardware being create, and I like the idea of being part of this early stage construction. 

"
"I am highly interested in 3 of the above-mentioned technologies and invested in 2 of them. Let me explain.
- Internet of Things - One of my passions and indeed, my goal for a research-oriented career is to make our environments computationally active so that people can spend less time being held hostage by screens and more time doing things and living their life. I essentially want to make most computation invisible and having a network of connected devices that can sense user action and actuate it in the real world takes us one step closer to such a world of ubiquitous computing.
- Augmented Reality/Mixed Reality - Another passion of mine is story-telling. I really like playing with the affordances of new media like Augmented and Virtual Reality to provide novel narrative experiences that were not possible before.
- Artificial Intelligence - So this is one technology that I am highly interested in but don't work actively on. The potential for AI as I see it _x001b_is that it can help provide seamless user experiences. AI can infer user context, which means we can combine Internet of Things with Artificial intelligence to actually make computation invisible. For example, my refrigerator will know if I am running low on groceries and prompt me with a list of things to buy when I am nearing a grocery store on my way back from work. This can also help me prevent unwanted wastage of food."
They all excite me! The AI winter is thawing, and we are starting to see real progress in machine learning and narrow AI. And there are some glimmers of new directions leading to general AI. IoT has the potential to unlock valuable and exciting solutions that will give us insight via better data collection, and the ability to affect the world via remote and distributed actuation. Even more interesting is the potential for composable systems arising from instrumenting the world.
"My life’s meaning is contributing to change in the world using tech & design.
I think I can do a good investigating/researching the users (patents, clinicians, partners…) and visually explore a language to communicate with them/represent them (via web site, packaging, posters, other) based on my experiences.
:
I think I can do good on developing the visual design “brand brief” (addressing our product(s) and the team). I can do this brief which point for the intern to kick of the design development of the next generation web site based on my experiences.

This is my visual designs:
http://www.caojinnn.com/graphic--motion.html
This is my website:
http://www.caojinnn.com/
This is a brand brief for rebranding google:
http://www.caojinnn.com/google-logo-rebranding.html
There are other interaction and ux designs I did before:
http://www.caojinnn.com/uxui--interact.html
:
I know how to work with a team better and know how to fix the goal/face more challenge:

This is the way I work with team in last summer's internship:(Acquia in Boston)
http://www.caojinnn.com/drupal-82x-ux--interaction--ui-design.html"
"The aforementioned emerging technologies are promising to revolutionize how we exchange and consume and discover information. 

The emerging technologies that fascinates me the most is AR and VR. 
I feel that VR and AR can be used to convey information in a unique format that allows the user to consume information in a timely manner, at the right location, makes him empathetic with the subject and also opens up a wide variety of possibilities of interacting with the information. 

My professional background is in Animation and User Experience Design. I see the technologies of AR and VR, and works at Magic Leap on the Interaction Design team to dream up and research new possibilities of what their device can do. 
I discovered that being able to access spatialized 3D content can be immensely empowering to the user. "
As a creative technologist, my work sits at the intersection of several fields of practice and I have extensively explored each of the emerging technologies described above. For my Master's Thesis I am working on a business model and platform that uses the blockchain to reimagine and decentralise our manufacturing systems, bringing global ideas to local makers, by certifying physical instances of digital ideas. I believe the blockchain has great potential to equally disrupt economic and social paradigms of value and exchange, as the Internet disrupted and decentralised communication and content creation/sharing in the past. I am also very interested in Artificial Intelligence and am participating in a design studio, Automatic Everything, with designers Anthony Dunne and Fiona Raby that uses a Speculative Design approach to examine our culture's dreams, fears, and anxieties around AI and what it means to be human in an increasingly automized world. Working with a team of transdisciplinary designers, it is my job to make plausible technological prototypes that provide critical and believable provocations that explore the evolution of AI and its potential future applications. I have also studied VR/AR extensively and am very interested in how to reliably perform HCI usability tests for VR/AR applications. Last Spring I wrote a literature review of VR usability testing methodologies and recommended how new tech (vision-tracking, emotion-recognition etc.) could be used to improve some of the key issues to date. Overall, my passion is understanding how a range of technologies will shape our future in conjunction with important social, economic, political, and environmental factors present today. I believe in using the future as a safe space for the exploration of these converging domains, and a strong proponent of storytelling, fiction, and speculation is a lens for building solutions today that drive desired outcomes for tomorrow. 
The complexities of blockchains, augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things aren't just a matter of technological complexity. Human use and interaction in the interface and changing psychologies of use make these technologies much more than bits of code. They extend human minds, economies, and capabilities further with unknown benefits and consequences. How we will adapt to these new conditions is a question that excites me the most.
As a computer science major at Stanford, who is specializing in AI, I am more interested in finding out how the dynamic work atmosphere at the Colab can help the teams come up with groundbreaking ideas to use AI. As humanity, we are not even close to realising the potential of machine learning and AI, and 
I see virtual reality as an evolutionary step for storytelling. In the same way painting, books, photography, and movies each added greater layers of senses and revolutionized how stories could be told, the immersive, interactive, and "teleportational" aspect of VR makes it a prime candidate as a new medium. Apart from video games and performance art, VR also holds potential in changing how people interact with reality. As the photograph and film revolutionized journalism by more directly sharing the details of an event, so too can VR impact journalism, business conferences, and education by simulating proximity and increasing what is shared about an experience.
As the co-founder of 30S, a video app, I am especially excited about augmented and virtual reality, because this technology dramatically enhances the video experience. It would allow users to learn more vividly, because the transformation of a 2-D video to a 3-D experience would make users feel more engaged. Learning becomes more exciting and enjoyable with VR technology, and knowledge is better retained when the objects in the video seem more tangible. With the arrival of affordable consumer AR/VR headsets, I am particularly excited to learn more about this technology  and how we could potentially integrate it into the 30S app.
AR/VR/MR all excite me. I wrote about it extensively in the prompt above but I can elaborate more on my excitement for these technologies. All three of these areas offer us a new medium with which to consume and produce information. We have writing, audio, image, and video currently, with video giving us 3 dimensions of information (2 spatial dimensions and 1 time dimension). AR/VR/MR seek to give us 4 dimensions of information and as a result completely change the way we interact with digital information. There's talk about how mobile computing has made us slaves to our devices; I believe Mixed Reality has the ability to bring back humanity to technology. In terms of the medium itself, I can't think of a single domain that will not be disrupted by the technology; it truly is a paradigm shift. Artists will have more freedom to bring their ideas to life, designers will be able to touch their creations, education will be more immersive, entertainment will be more enthralling. I can't stress more how exciting this all is, and what makes it so beautiful is that many of our established design rules do not carry through to this new medium - we will have to rewrite everything.
"I love VR! In Hacking Arts 2016, the MIT hackathon last year, my team won the Second Best All-Around Hack. We developed a VR game that can teach users a Chinese sport-- Taichi.
To me, it is amazing how VR can turn our designs into ""reality"", and make people immersed in any virtual world we create.
I am also very interested in artificial intelligence. Last year a classmate and I implemented a machine learning program -- a facial expression recognition project which can classify human expressions on static images. We designed a convolutional neural network using Keras library and reached an accuracy of 56% on seven kinds of human expressions, ranking 16/56 in the Kaggle Challenge, in which the average accuracy is 42%."
VR is exciting to me because of its premise - transporting one immediately into a completely surreal environment. It has some ways to go from a technical standpoint, but the applications (especially from a social perspective) are impressive. From a 'undiscovered' standpoint, i am most excited about the internet of things - creating a connected everything and everywhere. We have the ability to redefine our interactions with the physical world and overlay a non-physical one. This is where I think we can make a real difference!
I am especially interested in the use of artificial intelligence and the internet of things in products or the built environment. Nowadays, AI is ubiquitous and I firmly believe AI will only become more rapidly and intensively used in products and thus increasingly integrated in our everyday life. I think that is an exciting and interesting prospect as AI and IoT are able to enhance our everyday activities by increasing comfort, convenience, safety and time consumption. Moreover, smart products are able to collect data from their environment. This data is a valuable input in new product development. In short, the extensive advantages of AI and IoT, compel us to research and develop new directions in product design, and it is very exciting to see what this brings us.  
Using emerging technologies as a design tool is a rather blank space currently. Wish to be the people who draw the first stroke. The area has a lot of potential and challenge to explore.
I'm very interested in AR/VR. I believe that the technology has the potential to change our daily lives—from how we communicate to how we spend our leisure time. As an Architectural and Urban Design student, I'm so eager to learn more about this emerging industry and link it with my knowledge and skills.
Artificial intelligence is an exciting-sounding term for a lot of reasons, but in particular, I'm very academically excited by AI because of the opportunities it presents us to better understand the nature of our own thought. However, I think true AI (compared to Machine Learning - that is, the use of iterative, adaptive,  but still very explicitly designed statistical models) is still very far off and not something directly applicable to business right now (though obviously the changes it will cause are important to think about.) More immediately, I'd say I'm excited (though not yet as knowledgeable as I'd like) about IoT - in particular, the opportunity it gives us as Humans to shore up our weaknesses. Humans tend not to spend 1 minute on something that will save them $1 (even though that's over $1K/day!), but if our devices automatically do, that's huge savings for mankind. These kinds of trivial, incremental optimizations are everywhere - the challenge has always been in convincing people it's worth investing in them. A combination of good design and simply programming the solution into our devices might be the key to solving this problem.
"Blockchains have the potential to revolutionize emerging markets, especially in regards to microfinance. In the past decade, there has been a dynamic shift away from financial institutions as intermediaries to peer to peer lending. Blockchains provide the backbone for the future of transparent financial, commodity, and lending transactions. I want to design additional applications using blockchain technology, potentially incorporating artificial intelligence via chat bots. 

The Internet of Things is rapidly transforming the way people interact. It started with wireless phones allowing instant communication outside of the home but is now starting to move back into the home. The Internet of Things allows instant access to everything from ordering groceries using Amazon Dash to a voice controlled personal assistant using Google Home (Zuckerberg also recently built a fully functional personal assistant modeled after JARVIS from Iron Man). The Internet of Things is still far from reaching its full potential and I would like to take part in fostering its growth."
All of these technologies excite me because they are largely involved with software and the non-physical domain—for that reason, there is huge opportunity to work with the physical aspects of these emerging technologies. With experience in mechanical engineering for product design, I look forward to the opportunity to think about how human interaction with these technologies can drive how we design the physical products that rely on those technologies.
"I am excited to work with emerging technologies in general because they extend human capabilities and can be integrated into our daily lives as user-oriented products. Product design is very broad, but I am most interested in following a career path that involves designing technology-based products that aim to enhance user experiences through meaningful interactions.
I am especially excited to work with the internet of things because I have worked on projects that required objects to collect or exchange data with its surroundings and they happened to be my favorite projects! To me, it is essential for objects to be able to interact with its users and environment through sensors, RFID, etc. which is why the internet of things is a technology I wish to further design with."
I'm especially interested in VR and AR. The internet has been a new level of social connections, brought many opportunities to our lives. Similar to that, VR and AR will bring an entirely new layer of social connections  to our lives. As a trained psychologist I'm very interested in 'humanizing' these technologies, participating in the development and testing phases to understand how we can bring the 'human factor' in. Would like to experiment with it myself, test them with a diverse user base and observe their reactions to perfect user interactions. 
I believe that AI and the IoT are the next big disruptors in the world, and being at the forefront of such a disruption would be an honor (as well as a great responsibility). 
I am really excited about augmented reality. I think it is a fantastic platform, that enables users to get a lot more out of their environment. Whether this is reminders or data to assist in productivity or just fun little games, I believe that AR will really change how we interact with technology on a daily basis. 
Blockchain technologies, among others,  is likely to be at the forefront of developing new financial tools in emerging markets. Thinking about the potential emerging technologies like this could have in a country of 1.1 billion people blows me away.
This past spring, my consulting team and I worked for a start-up in the Internet of Things space. We conducted extensive primary and secondary research to figure out the company's go-to-market strategy for it's data algorithm, which was made specifically for storing IoT data. In the process of doing this research, I became fascinated with the implications of cutting edge IoT technologies (preventative care, usage-based business models, etc). I'm excited to use this technology to spur further innovation and find potential solutions!
"Blockchain excites me because of its potential to eliminate transaction costs, democratize power/control from massive institutions who currently own platforms, and incorporate the base-of-the-pyramid into the broader economy (e.g., financial inclusion).

AR/VR excites me because it will make information transmission 10x more efficient -- from a primarily text-based or 2-D visual medium to a more nuanced 3-/4-D (4-D if you also include tactile feedback) medium that the human mind is better suited for.

AI excites me because it will “enlighten” human decision making. The world is suffering from information overload, and AI can help do a lot of upfront big-data processing such that human capacity can be directed towards the most complex activities.

Lastly, IoT excites me because it will exponentiate the amount of available data that can be leveraged to make activities and transactions more efficient. This will be big, particularly because the dearth of data is one of the binding constraints to speeding up innovation today (esp. when it comes to applying the cutting-edge data analytics capabilities).
"
I am extremely thrilled about the emerging technology of virtual reality as well as its great potential to apply on impactful fields such as education. I was very passionate about industries like education due to my past experience in social impact, and am excited to see increasing usage of VR to experiment for more effective education and ways to address education resource inequality. For example, VR allows simulation opportunities in education scenarios e.g. speech preparation, entrepreneurship, music teaching, etc, that would truly enable experiential learning in curriculum design; also, as VR become increasingly mature and commercialized, VR would allow students in remote areas to have the same classroom experience as students in resourceful areas. Of course, VR has greater application in other areas as well, which is also very exciting. We see great opportunity in entertainment industry, especially in gaming industry and theatre industry. It is simply awesome to see a great technology product imagined decades ago become something that changes how people perceive, process, interact and communicate. 
IOT, AI and ARVR, all three excites me. The way I am imagining future is where all these three technologies come together to provide an experience to the consumer, something they can not even imagine today. I have experienced all these technologies in isolation - 1) ARVR through Samsung VR device, 2) AI through my previous company which learned from user's browsing pattern to select the right ads for a better experience, and 3) IOT through cross-device interaction and self-driving car at Google.
Blockchains -- and its impact on the role of a centralized clearing house/financial regulator. The policy responses to the financial crisis have increased centralization whereas blockchains seems to be a decentralized response; I am curious about the robustness and the resilience of such a system. 
"I am interested in AR and VR because I believe they present completely novel ways to collaborate and communicate. My opinion is that these technologies have a distinct ability to create deeper levels of understanding and empathy among groups. I'm excited with the potential that VR promises.... working with other designers in a virtual space creating in a seamless and intuitive fashion. 

My primary interest with Artificial intelligence is thinking about the host of social challenges it could create. When AI technology starts to take more jobs how will our society react to the increase of unemployment? I think these problems could create a huge opportunity to reconsider a range of social assumptions. "
Around two years ago I went to Singularity University to learn more about exponential technologies, since then, it has become a hobby of mine to research and learn about the last tech developments. I am so excited about these technologies, because they are growing in an exponential rate. That means that their massive use, is in a nearer future than most of us imagine.
Having a bachelors degree in architecture I find the potential of AR, VR, and the internet of things as tools and devices to be inmense. The aforementioned can provide news ways to visualize, perceive, create and inhabit space.
At the startup I cofounded in China, we used applied AI and IoT to enable precision agriculture and the process of using technologies to transform the conventional ways of doing things was the most experience of mine ever. I am also very excited about the transformation that VR/AR could bring. Born and raised in China, educated in the U.S., I have always wanted to mitigate the geographical barriers to educational resources and I think AR/VR has the potential to make those changes happen.
Work is my jam - I've had about 30 jobs in my lifetime since the age of 8 and have found that I learn best while doing - and strongly believe that we're at the nexus an impending and significant shift in how work is done enabled by new technologies, regulatory changes and evolving work behaviors by millennials. I also think that changing the availability and mechanisms of work is a key part of financial inclusion. My thesis is that blockchain (and artificial intelligence, and machine learning in particular) could be important technologies that power this change. I'm a technology enthusiast in general and previously was involved in a couple skunkworks teams at Ralph Lauren (as the strategy lead for digital technology & ecomm) that explored applications for AR/VR and IOT for the brand and in retail in partnership with many cutting edge tech firms. 
To help disabled people achieve what they dream of, to make seniors feel young again, to enhance our experience in a number of areas, I believe AR/ VR/MR will go far beyond what's happening now. And I'm doing my thesis on HoloLens, and definitely willing to learn more about that.
"There is no way to pick a favorite technology! Every emerging tech or scientific advancement constantly grows our future of possibilities and makes me truly excited. I find inspiration for my work and personal life in every new and developing technology, from medical advancements to big data analysis. 
If forced to choose what I think is most relevant for myself and my business focus, it would probably be artificial intelligence technology and the possibilities of removing human error from everyday tax and accounting transactions. It is incredible to think of what humans will be able to do when the mundane tasks of tax filing and audit prep can be completely automated. A future of hyper-informed business consulting programs could be the key to spurring public accounting firms into gaining a truly social focus. Could the entire IRS become obsolete? What is going to be the best outcome for the countries and not just the legal requirements for the business in a multi-national merger? How can tax legislation benefit businesses as well as communities? Can our clients utilize AI technologies to negotiate restructuring transactions to mitigate risk? 
There is so much potential and the technological advancements have reached a place where there can really be a cross between social economic impact, business planning and true global fluency.  
"
"I have lead Augmented Reality workshops on College Campuses for Grade-School programs serving youth in Tallahassee, FL. This allowed me to explore how AR works on mobile. I have been using Occulus Rift at 17 hackathons for the past 3 years. I currently have interest amounting $50k in a VR business model that I'm developing with one other in my team. 
I am currently building AI for email campaigns for one of my clients. I am entering the React Playground with ""Adaptive UI-UX"" per-request from Dan Abramov (Creating Facebook Fiber). 
The internet of things is happening around me, I am a user of IoT in my home and in my life. I closely follow this movement in tech and know how to use for example the Leap Motion, and Myo Band devices to create unique experiences with accompanying Laptop/Mobile/Etc. 
My experience with these topics has been a 3 year project as I attended and got to hack on these devices over the period of attending 3 years of hackathons sponsored by MLH.io. 
I am currently being considered for a coaching opportunity with Dells MLH.io program due to my ability to help students understand the viability and validity of their hackathon ideas related to VR, AR, and IoT."
I find augmented and virtual reality systems very exciting as they represent the forefront of digital UX tech.  They also have a wealth of mechanical integration potential in the forms of force feedback, input systems, and physical products
"VR technologies can instigate the behavior change we need to achieve transformative social progress. The intentional design, curation, distribution, and systemic integration of VR applications can provide immersive, compelling experiences that foster individual empathy and promote prosocial behavior. There is a group of VR developers and thought leaders who are trying to make this happen - the Stanford VHIL, Here Be Dragons (Chris Milk), Variable Labs are leading the way. But I’ve spoken to some of them, and others in the VR space - and there are some gaps. We aren’t yet proactively targeting systemic problems like sexism in the work place or racism in law enforcement and offering and wide scale intervention. We’re not systematically integrating behavioral science into application design. We’re not evaluating application impact to collect data hat will inform future creation (VHIL is an exception to some extent, but there are limitations). I want to help fill this gap and drive the space forward. 
 
"
"I’m extremely excited about Augmented and Virtual Reality. Though today popular perceptions of what those technologies can be is limited by awareness of the possibilities but also the constraints of available hardware products, such as HoloLens and Cardboard, I’m excited about the potentials we can imagine when we look beyond today. Why not use augmented reality in front of your computer, or VR outside? What if we could seamlessly move in between the two now-separate realms? 

Going back to the importance of inclusivity, in what ways might these technologies neglect or oppress certain groups of people? For example, how might a wheelchair user struggle in a VR application that takes certain types of mobility for granted? 

This philosophy relates to my critical practice in designing for both mobile and web devices. My personal website, kevincadena.com, creates a wholly new experience on a mobile device, rather than simply mirroring the desktop experience. "
Truthfully, coming from an agriculture background, all of the above excite me. I have so much to learn when it comes to technology and am fascinated by what is happening, especially here in the Bay Area. The internet of things is especially interesting, as more and more of our everyday devices come online. We call the building I work in a "smart winery" because it can sense when and where people are in the building and be controlled remotely. But we also have constant issues with being locked out or left in darkness if it doesn't sense you in a room. As our society continues to grow with technology, the internet of things and the corresponding challenges will be especially interesting and pertinent. 
Augmented and virtual reality, as a  funky term, people are attracted by this technology once this technology come to their life. Havin seen tons of products and analysis in different application. I want to know how I can put my passion and technique skills into practice in this field.
I am a researcher who makes daily use of artificial intelligence techniques. While this frequently includes critically evaluating whether it is appropriate to use AI or whether an AI method is actually doing what we think it does, I think it will be one of the most important technological tools of the next half-century. The most exciting part of AI, to me, is its ability to combine and synthesize information from disparate sources and disciplines. I can draw on my experience in research in medical engineering and clinical medicine to see that it is often difficult to purposefully combine the knowledge of say, a critical care physician and a physicist. With AI, however, there is a potential to take these two separate knowledge bases and discover how they can support one another in solving a real clinical problem – in a case I’m familiar with, estimating intracranial pressure noninvasively. I think this kind of knowledge-merger can benefit many disciplines, not just healthcare, and I foresee AI helping bring experts together to solve problems more difficult than we can dream up today. Isaac Newton is often quoted as saying “If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.” I believe that AI will allow us to better stack those giants in the first place.
For the last seven years, prior to beginning doctoral work at the Harvard Graduate School of Education, I was working at Carnegie Learning, an organization with a background in applying artificial intelligence to K-12 mathematics education via an intelligent tutoring system (Cognitive Tutor).  In my work, I experienced  the promise of emerging technologies in education, both qualitatively and quantitatively, alongside the challenges.  I am eager to learn more about how user-centered design can help solve some of the more common challenges in this domain, including: student engagement, implementation fidelity, and data application, to name a few.
"My research field is in the intersection of machine intelligence, IoTs and human-computer interaction. ""How to design the interaction between human and intelligent agents” is a question underpins all my research. 

People often dream about a world full of automation, for example, a smart kitchen that can cook for a family. However, is it really what we want? In my opinion, having a kitchen that can teach me how to cook so I can prepare delicious dishes to my wife is an even better design. Balancing what tasks to delegate to machines and what tasks to delegate to human is an example challenge that intrigued me.  "
AI and machine learning has the potential to supplement human decision making, automate core processes, and as a result, unleash incredible creativity in business process and culture design. I am very excited to work on and learn more about the future of AI and human decision making with IDEO. 
I am fascinated with new ways of integrating our lives with technology.  It is our duty as designers to help define how we integrate with these technologies; how to do this in a way that improves our lives.  My own research in using photogrammetry to 3d scan wood branches and then process these branches using virtual tools and CNC processes dovetails nicely with this subject matter.  What does it mean when the hand of the designer or craftsperson is extended by new tools?
AR.VR 
"	Emerging technologies have a tremendous potential to create a more engaged and participatory citizenry systemically. Whether it’s building more trust in transactions and voting through the security of the block chain technology, telling more powerful stories to ignite social change for augmented and virtual reality, or supporting data-driven policymaking with IOT sensors installed in smart cities- emerging technology can create a tremendous impact. As these technologies develop, I am excited to help facilitate conversations about ethical implications, community engagement, and public input. I am most inspired by the educational approaches of playbooks, youth training programs, and communities of practice that are arising for these topics. Some examples of these include: the Boston Smart City playbook (https://monum.github.io/playbook/) and the Red Hook youth digital stewards program for installing mesh networks (http://redhookwifi.org/the-digital-stewards/)."
Artificial Intelligence seems really interesting because it is very different from old ways of thinking about computer science. It can be used to solve many problems in ways that humans cannot.
Augmented and virtual reality bring a new environment and experience to people who may not be able to personally be a part of such experiences.  I find this exciting as it can allow students with medical treatments in hospitals to experience school like their peers, military parents to experience being at home with their newborn and loved ones, or people to experience traveling to exotic locations while still being at the comfort of their own home.  Augmented and virtual reality opens the door for allowing people to experience environments to another level of realness.  Along with augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence excites me because of its advanced and rather futuristic technology.  Intelligence often is associated with human or living beings for their cognitive abilities, so having computers or non-living objects process information like humans strikes me to be rather counter-intuitive and mysterious yet brilliant.   I see artificial intelligence paving the way for future technological products to connect better with humans.
Virtual reality is something I am interested in understanding a potential pocket for education, specifically the teacher training market. I had the prototype of the google cardboard VR set and fell in love with the technology and how it can be used to push the field of education
My winter research work has informed me of the potential of technology's use in education in conflict zones. I piloted a feasibility study of using a hand-cranked mp3 player delivering preschool education in 6 internally displaced people (IDP) camps in Kachin State, Burma, an region that has had a civil war going on since 2011. The study was conducted in areas off-limits to foreigners and even UN staff. I see the potential of virtual and augmented reality as well as the internet of things to provide quality programming experiences to people in remote and hard to reach locations, and I'm excited about design that may take into consideration similar problems of access.
My dissertation is on building smart robotic hands for real world applications, and I think this maps onto both artificial intelligence and virtual reality. My specialty is at the intersection of integrating hardware and software, where smart algorithms is implemented and enhanced by smart hardware, or vice versa. Often the design of one is dependent on the design of the other. Working on either side is fun already, so working on both is very stimulating to me. I find them exciting because they are socially relevant, technologically challenging, and can potentially make fundamental difference in people's lives. 
IoT can be used for good or for 'meh'. I think the latter refers to devices and services that encourage us to disconnect from the task at hand. The former has the potential to actually augment a connection and understanding between a human and an object/idea. How can we create IoT experiences that engage, educate, and affect human behaviour in a positive way?  
Augmented reality could be more valuable if it can be used in our daily life.  It has so many possibilities to unite our phone, tablet, TV, watch, etc. And become a vital part of our life. Being the extension of people's sensation or assist people with annoying daily stuff. I really want to take advantage of AR and build something for people's life.
I have limited experience working with these technologies, but I think I can contribute most by thinking through the policy design implications of using these and other technologies in different settings. I'm most excited about new ways to leverage smart or connected devices to improve health outcomes. 
Many of these new technologies have the power to deeply impact the world we live in, and the fact that numerous applications for these  remain to be designed is extremely interesting to me. For instance, we French are facing numerous issues in dealing with the influx of refugees from both Middle East and Africa that are seeking asylum in our country. In that instance, blockchains could have a tremendous impact on how we welcome and trat refugees when they arrive. It could be used to facilitate control at the border to ensure that migrants are trustworthy, while making their migration way less stressful on them and their families. I've worked to develop an education structure for 2 years, and the impact that AR could have in education could be immense. Developing education for children with difficulties in interacting at school, or even just innovative applications to learn and assimilate concepts is both challenging and stimulating for me.
"I am especially interested in augmented reality and internet of things. I created my first AR app four years ago (Lunch Rush for PBSKIDS) and have been following the topic since. AR excites me for it’s potential to get people moving around and interacting with their environments. Both AR and IoT have the potential to make the world easier and better. In their best forms these things can improve people’s lives and leave them more time to do what they love. I’m also very interested in how children will use these technologies. There is great potential for games
As a designer, I’m also intrigued by the challenge of designing interaction that isn’t tied to a traditional screen. "
AR/VR and artificial intelligence
AI and the internet of things have the potential to directly affect lives in diverse domains like elder care, transportation, collaborative work, gaming and social life. I am certain that integrating AI approaches like the convolutional neural networks with everyday devices will explode the design space of applications in these domains.
Artificial intelligence has so much capacity to help us solve problems that we cannot begin to solve on our own. The ability to harness the computational power of computer systems with the strategies of artificial intelligence is incredible. There are so many problems spanning different fields: for example, predicting material properties and phase diagrams for different element combinations, that would be computationally impossible for us to try to solve on our own, but computers can speed up these calculations for us immensely and provide insights that can aid in a myriad of ways.
"I am most interested in AR and VR because they provides a 3D interface for Computer Aided Design (CAD).  As a designer, I use CADing software to prototype and build objects, but the 2D screens of computers will not be a good interface for CAD.
VR and AR, however, can let me make things with direct interactions through the VR controller. Maybe through VR we can make 3D modeling tools that faces non-designers, just like instagram for picture editting!"
I am excited by emerging technologies like virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet of things. I feel that these technologies have tremendous potential to revolutionize the way of life. 
While all emerging technologies present exciting design opportunities, I am particularly interested in the internet of things phenomenon. The way I see it, this technology is very much still in its infancy, and there exists a bounty of possibilities for those who can understand how to integrate it elegantly into human existence. When studying current and future IOT applications, I constantly ask myself “Just because we can, does that mean we should?” There is a fine line between the subtle, beautifully integrated object dream of IOT and the clunky, awkward, and all too often forced first generation products. And this line is where design comes in.
There is so much potential for each of these technologies - I am particularly excited to see VR grow; I think VR could be used in so many helpful ways, such as training future surgeons, research scientists, engineers, etc!
"I am very excited about AI and IoT. 
AI excites me because I see it as a continued progression to further utilize machine power to assist in our daily lives and improve the productivity of the society. Just like the industrialization dramatically improved the productivity and quality with machines and engines, and the rise of computers and internet brought productivity to a whole new level and became something that people cannot live without, AI will continue to push the advancement. It is an unavoidable future that AI will be more and more integrated in our daily lives in many aspects and continue to raise our standard of living.
IoT excites me because I see the gap between a well-connected internet world and a not-so-connected physical world; yet, we live in the physical world. I can easily find information on any of my classmates on social networks, yet that information is not connected to the person sitting next to me. I can google any famous architecture or painting in the world, yet that information is not available on the building or painting in front of me. Somehow there is a disconnect between the wealth of digital information and the wonderful physical world that we live, breath, and touch. I worked in a startup that was building peer-to-peer localization technology and as the engineer designing the algorithm, I saw an early glimpse of potential application in IoT. I think a lot can still be done and the future excites me!"
artificial intelligence is probably the area where you find the most exciting part of the machine where you don't just do the task yourself, but rather. make it become you, and it can do better than what you could ever achieve,  and I believe that's an important transformation of understanding the relationships between human and tools that are on par of our explorational nature. it's nice to see how many more difficult tasks machines are able to perform but also it's interestingly enough to see how things going to progress our understanding of ourselves during the progress.
I am interested in the Internet of things and it's role in modern ceramic production. I have recently purchased a 3D printer and would like to engage with like minded people to share new viewpoints and come up with great ideas that can be used both locally and internationally 
The two technologies from this list that excite me the most are AR/VR and the IoT.  What I find most intriguing about AR/VR is the opportunity it provides to learners of all ages to become aware and engaged in subjects and environments they wouldn't have been able to experience before.  It targets a massive area of non-consumption, fills that gap with an exciting and exploratory alternative, and promotes lifelong learning.  Similar to AR/VR capabilities, the IoT also impresses me with its potential for endless possibilities.  The idea that every person and every object could be interconnected is unprecedented.  We can manipulate this monumental network of relationships to improve numerous sectors of our society: education, the health industry, workplace learning, the environment, and even our day-to-day routines.  Both of these technologies allow users to engage in interactive problem-solving and come up with novel solutions to help solve today's and our future's greatest complexities.  
I am interested in "the internet of things" and how we can create innovative ideas and ways to reach people and deliver useful products and messages.
"Of the above list, I get most excited about possibilities in augmented reality as a relational tool. A lot of my work focuses on community engagement and public space. A prompt I often dwell on is ""How can we make [things] more like dogs?"" Dogs help bridge social connections. If you're walking a dog, people feel more comfortable approaching you and starting a conversation. And those are the building blocks of community building. 

AR can completely change the way we understand shared spaces and connect with others in public. It can bring layered meanings to static sites/objects. For example, I had so many delightful interactions with people and places this summer using Pokemon Go. The act of hunting for Charmanders was so disarming, it made you want to talk to people and explore your environment differently. It felt like users were inhabiting a shared world that immediately gave them an approachable ""something in common."" "
In the context of my current start-up work delivering higher education to refugees, I'm especially excited by the potential of blockchain technology. I think blockchains could be developed to provide the academic recognition and validation asylum-seekers lack when fleeing conflict without documentation (i.e. high school diplomas, transcripts, recommendation letters) required to continue/complete their education or practice their discipline in the new country of residence.
The internet of things allows hospitals to track when and how surgical tools are used, doctors to follow patients effectively once they leave the hospital, and patients to seek out personalized care. These possibilities, and their implications, are exciting!

These technologies are the future and I want to be part of the teams that think ahead to find the most clever implementation of these technologies. 
I am particularly excited about the potential of two new technologies within two industries: artificial intelligence in financial services and the internet of things in energy efficiency. First, artificial intelligence has potential to disrupt the asset management industry, which has historically had low transparency and high prices. A number of robot advisors that allocate portfolios and perform other typical asset management duties are already helping customers invest their savings at lower costs and similar returns. The market is still small, but has great potential as AI become more reliable. Second, IoT systems can help improve the way we consume energy in our homes and offices. Through better control of our systems and improved monitoring of generation and consumption, we can better match the energy that is required across our grid system.  
"On 2015 we were the first company in Mexico to implement iBeacon technology in the retail industry through a mobile App system called Shop Concierge. The idea was to come up with a way to measure consumer behavior both on long range (1 to 3 miles via Geo Location) and most importantly, short range (1 to 70 meters via iBeacons) in order to analyze the data and increase average come up with marketing strategies real time. This is the first system of its kind in Mexico and is currently being tested by two major department store chains.

At Black Box, we excelled in finding innovative solutions to fit our clients’ needs. I am fascinated about testing new technologies and exploring ways to implement them in order to solve complex problems for clients. 
"
In a recent project, my team created an IoT experience that was presented at South by South Lawn. In it, we utilized the Microsoft Kinect and FitBit to provide late stage cancer patients with continuous care so that their health care providers can better serve their needs. Watching the differences that our project made in cancer patients lives, and seeing how much happiness that these human centered solutions can bring was one of the greatest moments of my lives. 
Regarding to technologies, everything that drives innovation excites me. On this perspective, amongst the ones mentioned, I see a great spectrum of applicability on IoT and AI. Self learning systems tend to be a great market driver and IoT will help a lot of innovation to happen in many industries.
I like Artificial Intelligence technologies! I have worked for AI projects in several companies, I found that It is one of crucial tech for future. 
I have experience working on artificial intelligence projects in the past.  However, I am most excited with the growing technology of the internet of things.  We live in a really interesting time where there is so much information and data online that can be used to improve the overall quality of life and positively impact social change.  The internet of things is the future of technology and I would love to be a part of that positive future. 
These technologies excite me because each one of them have an infinity of opportunities. You can name a sector and there is a way to use them, from education to engineering design, this technologies are making a new path in the future.
To be honest, nothing excites me as much as kidnapping and neutering other people's pet cats. But if we could harness the power of blockchains, AI, AR/VR, and IoT to fix more cats, then don't get ready, get started!
I am passionate about AR/VR technology. I have founded a start-up after winning a Harvard Hackathon in that space (but stopped development due to academic year constratints). I would be eager to try to find out how AR/VR can be applied to help IDEO customers grow.
I think AR/VR both have the immense potential to create a new form of empathy that isn't like anything in the past. It's a transition from shared communication, over a phone call or video, to shared experiences, ones that people don't have to be physically close to each other in order to understand. 
As a millennial, technology naturally intrigues me. But the fuse of technology and design excites me even more because it involves my passion. Augmented and virtual reality and artificial intelligence are especially exciting because they are such hot topics in the digital world but sadly, I have no knowledge of. When I think about these two technologies, I immediately wonder how design can be played into them. The creation of the reality and the user experience of the artificial intelligence are definitely examples of design-focused features of the technologies. Then I started thinking about how these two technologies can be incorporated into the design world, like websites or even prints. What if future websites provide visitors a virtual reality experience? These two topics definitely get my mind running and curious about their endless possibilities.
I currently work at a VR start up because I find there to be a much wider array of challenges that need solving. These emerging technologies allow for lots of open questions that have not been tackled before!
"Technology makes big impact in human life, from scientific research to the palm of your hand (i.e cellphone). Certainly, without the use of virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the internet, things would never being acknowledge or discovered. I do not have a specific background in technology. However, I strongly believe that technology has tight strings with the design discipline, from the creation of collages and renders to imagine a building or a space that does not exist yet, to access to worlds data in order to map special features about the city (i.e ArcMap GIS). 

My interest is located in the virtual reality topic, understanding it as modes to elucidate realities that are invisible to our eyes as well as to imagine new ones. Moreover, I think that the creation of different realities crosses a vast range of scales. From imagining an object, an interior space, a building, the city all the way through making arguments and narratives across the world. Coming from an architecture background and doing a currently doing a Master of Architecture in Urban Design, I am used to work at different scales in a single project. It would make me feel excited if I can have the opportunity to analyze a problem creating different imaginaries from the scale of the object to the scale of the world."
"I am driven by designing systems that promote equitable access to quality education.  I firmly believe that these technologies, in particular AR/VR and AI, can fundamentally change the way we look at K-12 education.  Over the past few years, these new technologies have led to a number of different startups with content that ranges from educational games to virtual field trips to toys that interact with children through machine learning.  For example, Google launched their Expeditions program on Cardboard to enable immersive access to content that was otherwise inaccessible by many.  And last year Sesame Workshop, the creators of the television show Sesame Street, struck a partnership deal with IBM Watson to provide insights to IBM on their years of experience teaching children as a method to build upon these fundamentals and create scalable technologies to promote smarter, stronger and kinder children.  These particular technologies can have a profound impact on the long-term development of children, creating opportunities for children all over the world to learn and engage in multiple experiences to develop a more informed view of the world while building empathy for others.  I am excited to learn more about these technologies and identify ways to bring scale to these emerging markets to enhance the learning experience of children.
"
IoT is the "future" that exists all around us already – and it's only going to get more prevalent as time goes on. Making everything "smart" holds so many possibilities. People (like me) who had no experience with micro controllers can pick up an Arduino and make, say a water bottle refill sensor; Nest and Amazon Echo have shown the potential IoT holds for making our everyday lives more convenient. But IoT holds the potential to make a much more dramatic impact: saving lives through cloud-connected surgical tools, for example. And as more an more "things" join the network, the possibilities only expand. 
"ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: 
AI has a growing reach and I want to be part incorporating human needs into the way it is developed.  I have an undergraduate degree in social psychology and enjoy weaving small human-based interactions into the way computers can learn to interact with humans in order to ensure natural, helpful and safe interactions.

IOT: 
Screen based technologies require the users to be tuned in to interactions with technology.  IOT presents the possibility for interaction with technology to fall to the background and the experience of the surrounding world to become the focus."
With an area of focus in technology and education, I am particularly intrigued by possibilities within the realms of in artificial intelligence and augmented reality. My fascination with them stems to notions of information design--the discipline focused on communicating, transmitting, and representing information and knowledge towards a further goal. Artificial intelligence and machine learning, in particular, offer magnified capacitance towards personlized learning and overall experiences. Augmented reality provides great possibility in designing immersive learning experiences, such as language acquisition and cultural engagement, in a way that builds upon ones present physical environment. Overall, these technologies offer great possibility in advancing ones possibility in learning and engaging with their world.
AI - The only television I watched growing up was Jeopardy. When I was 13, I saw IBM's Watson beat Ken Jennings, I was amazed to say the least. After the fact, I was disappointed to find out that Watson would never do anything more exciting than diagnose health issues (which is a great use, but left me unimpressed). Recently my interest has been reignited after seeing an explosion in use of AI/neural networks in Tesla's autopilot, smart/autonomous robots, and even Forward Healthcare
My company, Think Young Media Group, is a boutique media firm that creates film and tv projects. In particular, I am fascinated by virtual reality and artificial intelligence as story telling techniques. How can professional storytellers use the internet of things to create more compelling, diverse and complex media? I am excited by the possibilities these new technologies can create, particularly when it comes to discussing complex, difficult and/or controversial topics.
"Being a technologist, I'm interested in all four of these fields. However, in particular, I've involved myself in a lot of VR research as a result of co-founding my VR company (software for VR pre-production). Since the beginning of the year, my team and I have spoken with over 50 VR experts in the city and around the world about their process and methods. This has helped us understand the current state of the industry, the standards, practices and pain points.

The above being said, I would love (and prefer) to experiment on one of the other fields. I'm very confident with rapid prototyping with arduino and raspberry pi, and an assortment of other boards (one of which I've written example code for that's being used by the respective community). "
I already started tutorials for VR, i FInd it interesting and wanted to learn more on that in broader perspective.
One of my friends is a software developer who uses a Microsoft HoloLens to do all of his coding- with just a headset and keyboard. I tried his HoloLens and was amazed by what's already possible with it. I enjoy playing with VR and AR but this business application of the HoloLens was the first time I've thought it could actually be a very useful tool. I don't think it'll be long until employees have a headset instead of a screen. This could ultimately transform the workplace which I find very exciting!
The blockchain is an interesting concept and watching it change in the eyes of the public is what makes it an exciting technology to work with. This tech can create new currencies, become a new payment system, and it can change the way banks do business. As long as there are people willing to explore this area and peak public interest I think it as the potential to disrupt the finance sector. Another technology that I think is exciting is the internet of things. The future is moving towards a point where everything is connected and information from vents in your house to the tires on your car can be easily accessed. The possibilities of the internet of things is endless and crosses all industries, one possibility that I can see is a factory that is so efficient it creates a zero-sum product and owners can tell where to direct resources in an efficient manner. Each of the emerging technologies above have the potential to make our lives better but it’s the various combinations that will truly spark change.      
I am very excited in dealing with all of these areas because I know they will be dominating the technological industry very soon. I am interested in how these aspects can enhance the human experience. Especially for internet of things, it's awesome to me that these interconnected systems can be embedded into everyday objects to  improve daily life.
"On past projects, I have dipped my toes into AR/VR, AI and IoT, and in each experience, I've only learnt that there's so much that I don't know about each technology, and all its potential applications. 

AR/VR excites me as a new medium for self-expression and empathy-building, almost like how the motion picture was for the 20th century. Just as how motion pictures not only shook up the art world, but also fields as broad as commerce, fashion and even activism, I'm excited to explore the broad applications of AR/VR in fields one would even not think it applicable. (e.g. What has AR/VR got to do with power plants, besides helping out in maintenance work?) If we think about what's possible with these emerging technologies as solution spaces, then what are some of the problems that can be solved, and how can our understanding of those problems help us expand these solution spaces even further? The innate potential of these fields to completely change the way we think about the future is why I'm excited. :) 

"
"I am extremely excited about the internet of things! Right now with the above-mentioned bamboo bicycle workshop, we have spent a great deal of time improving the mechanical  and aesthetic aspects of the bike in community co-creation workshops. I believe our next step will be to understand how the bicycle can be better incorporated into the internet of things so that it may be tightly woven into community businesses and organizations.

Imagine: to reward cycling behavior your bicycle tracks the how much you ride and how much CO2 you save, and when you arrive at a local cafe on your bike, the cafe is instantly notified that you have arrived by bicycle. Without even asking you're presented with a glass of water and perhaps even a free food to reward you for the behavior. While there are several aspects to work on in this concept, I believe it illustrates the immense potential of connecting alternative mobilities to the internet of things."
Blockchain technology and machine learning both excite me very much in terms of their business applications. In particular, I believe that we are on the verge of a Cambrian explosion of innovation owing to blockchain technology. It has the potential to seamlessly move money and assets around the world much more quickly and efficiently. With more freely flowing capital, all economic participants, from large banks to families on the bottom of the pyramid in developing countries stand to benefit. For instance, blockchain enables "micropayments" and small remittances to be moved around the world efficiently for the first time. It also allows banks to transfer billions of dollars of assets much more efficiently, lowering their costs. Currently, about $2T of value per year moves around the world; with blockchain enabled technology (particularly with ILP "interledger" protocols connecting networks) more assets can be moved at a much lower cost. Blockchain has many applications beyond, payments, as well, such as securing contracts and identities. 
"I am currently taking a class on emerging technologies, so I'll actually be presenting on one of these technologies in several months! I am intrigued by the blockchain because I learned about it during the past CoLab makeathon, and had very little idea what it was. After spending a day hypothetically implementing blockchain technology into our design, I have become even more curious about this technology's capabilities and potential uses in the future. 

I am also intrigued by the Internet of Things, coupled with Artificial Intelligence. While the Internet of Things already exists in various forms (especially with the recent discoveries in nanotechnology), I am curious as to how further work in AI might influence the IoT. I think the IoT is exciting, but has potential to exist just as a ""cool technology"" rather than something intrinsically valuable to human existence (and no, I'm not talking about how convenient it is to change your home temperature from your phone). How can we integrate an IoT into our daily lives in a way that fundamentally improves our existence while furthering our experience as human beings?

(I know those were some pretty big statements. I recently purchased an Amazon Echo and have some feelings about it.)"
The future of our society is definitely headed towards a digital future. Virtual reality especially excites me because, from a neurobiology point of view, it is a way to trick the mind into living in another life, even if only temporarily. It opens philosophical questions that blur the line between reality and imagination. There is a quote: "If you can imagine it, then you can achieve it." It is idealistic, but the concept of it is very inspirational. Despite the synthetic appeal of virtual reality, the truth is that it can bring people joy and happiness. And it can also function as an educational tool. I appreciate products that can not only make people smile, but can also potentially contribute to overall utility.
Artificial Intelligence excites me a lot because it could expand activities handled by machines and free up humans' time for more rewarding and creative activities. I am for instance developing a Natural Language Processing chatbot to deliver news, an activity not long ago considered to be done exclusively by humans
"As an ITP student and a returning student volunteer of SIGGRAPH, nothing excites me more than design combining emerging technologies! My interest is to come up with new usage with them to design for meaningful changes, especially inclusive/ accessibility design and design for the seniors.
I love VR the empathy machine, as it could break the limitation of space and take the audience to anywhere they want. As a theater play fan, I had a dream that I wish people who are physically challenged could experience 'Sleep No More' - the best immersive drama as I did. (The stage setting is in the whole building, audience have to walk up and downstairs to follow the actors to watch the show, and the show only happens in that specific location) I've tried making VR movies and familiar with unity, planning to explore more. With VR tech, I think my dream could come true soon. 
AR is a more cutting-edge tech, I think it could be super useful for accessibility in the future, and I wish I could participate in the exploration.
I haven't done anything with blockchain or the internet of things, but I do believe they could make our life better, and I want to explore more."
Technology has always pushed sovereignty towards the individual. Blockchains (and similar crypto tech) embody this idea innately. The advent of cars enabled travel, and empowered a diversity of work opportunities. In a similar fashion, blockchains empower an entire world of unbanked individuals to take control. IPFS encourages the web to become MORE permission-less. Ethereum invites the complexity of law toward automation using smart contracts. We know these things are the 'next big thing' for this reason. They empower the individual.
It's been incredibly exciting to be on the ground floor as we build the  VR/AR community in NYC. We've hosted a series of events, classes, meetups pitch fests and hackathons with a focus on creating quality content. Many investors are focused on the technology side of things, which is important, but I'm more interested in ensuring that this new medium is accessible, democratic, and known for more than just shooting games. One of the best experiences I've done was "Across the Line" by Nonny De La Pena where you are put into the shoes of a woman who has to cross protests to get a safe and legal abortion at Planned Parenthood. This is the type of experience that allows for more empathy and understanding, and has the ability to change someone's perspective. I'm excited to explore how VR can be used to address sticky subjects like unconscious bias and gender roles, while encouraging deeper human connections. 
"1. AR/VR - I spent Q4 diving deep on AR/VR for a client project, including meeting many companies and trying most of the major platforms / apps. Extremely excited for the potential for VR as a new method of story telling and for non-entertainment use cases (e.g., training, health/wellness, etc.) and for AR as the potential next big human/computing interface after mobile 

2. Artificial Intelligence/IoT - incredibly exciting time in maturation of machine learning and how this intelligence is becoming more broadly accessible (e.g., Google Tensor flow) - I've been using a scheduling bot for a while and see the use cases for applying AI almost endless. I see IoT as really an enabler for AI value creation (sensors/data from real work feeding machine learning / intelligence use cases)

3. Blockchain - I am least familiar w/ blockhain tech but distributed trust can solve for a lot of problems (outside of a currency like Bitcoin). Example - I've been thinking about gun control / regulation a lot recently and talking to folks on both sides of the argument; a block-chain type ledger could conceptually solve for some of the sticking points on both sides "
"I have been working with Oculus and Tango this semester and try all kinds of softwares to explore the potential of different Mixed Reality platforms. 
I am fascinated with the Mixed Reality mainly because  it is an interesting refection of our society. People start to add digital layer on our real world is because our daily life is indeed surrounded by all kinds of technology and digital devices. No one knows what will happen in next 5 years, so just do the fun work and go board-less. I am more than excited to join IDEO to be part of it, to explore the world and contribute my intelligence. 
"
Augmented reality is an incredibly important tool- not just for helping people understand the hidden data around them, but for facilitating learning in a way that has never been done before- not just by letting people walk around an object that isn't physically present, but by designing experiences to help them understand complex ideas in a more intuitive way and on a more fundamental level.
Augmented reality is one of the most exciting new technologies, in my opinion. When HoloLens first came out I pushed my university to apply for a university development grant from Microsoft, but wasn't able to gain enough support in time. I interned with Autodesk for a year and almost had the chance to assist their team with developing Fusion 360 for HoloLens, but my internship term ended beforehand.  In short, I've been desperately trying to get my hands on AR to learn more about it, with hopes of using the tech to create entirely new human experiences. Being able to finally work with AR, VR, and IOT at the IDEO CoLab would be an amazing experience.
All of these technologies excite me! But to better answer this question, I wanted to share a more detailed research area of mine. I'm particularly passionate about data privacy, and fighting fire with fire by supporting new digital tools to protect our rights. To add some context here, from my research I have seen that identity fraud is a BIG problem, and that the most at risk group for this are actually job seekers. With predictions for rapid job displacement in the coming future, we need large scale solutions to protect people. To me, AI provides multiple solutions for this - from simply being able to recognize the term "SSN" on an individual's CV and prevent them from posting it, to providing real time red flags and blocks for attempted identify fraud. 
Augmented reality really excites me because of how it can add to our experiences without taking anything away. Virtual reality offers an unlimited amount of space for exploration and entertainment, but at the same time, takes away so much (all) of the physical world around us. Augmented reality is a space where the physical world and the digital one can join up to make experiences even more awesome! Cookbooks that float virtually right above the stove! Virtual racing lines while you're skiing! The potential is awesome. 
Im currently working on an AR project, and i'm fascinated to learn more on how to implement those technologies to everyday life, other than games or apps.
Especially exciting to me about the internet of things is the capacity it holds to dramatically simplify and better the everyday human experience. As someone tremendously passionate about UX, the continuously expanding internet of things poses itself as a field of data and information with great potential. In the world today people are constantly being introduced to new technologies that promise to better the human experience, and I am really excited for the prospect the IOT has in enabling such betterment.
 I am fascinated and concerned with emerging human enhancement technology. Some products alter our bodies and minds permanently, causing implications for the future of humanity. I want to be involved in this movement and improvise the obstacle of change to create products that cultivate people in a transparent and positive way. 
I currently work on critical conservation as my academic concentration. It focuses on a critical way of space and heritage preservation in the wave of modernity. It is a cutting-edge field for VR to be introduced to construct virtual heritages as a new way to present history. I am really excited about the interdisciplinary dialogue between spatial theories and technologies.
"On some few topics, I can feel my brain reacting with an instinctive enthusiasm I fundamentally trust. Blockchains, AVR, AI and IoT are such topics. There's uncertainty, and so many applications we haven't even started thinking about. It's at a stage where everyone's inputs are incredibly fascinating and all relevant — the sociologist's, the experience designer's, the anthropologist's, the business designer... Much of my answer is just: this excites me.
On a more intellectual level,  I'm genuinely curious to see how blockchains are going to redefine the ""social contract"" at the heart of societies & political systems. "
I am excited about Virtual reality! I think it can be useful in many ways. From helping paralyzed people learn to walk again, to showing points of view to people who can't get out much. It really adds a new level of viewing for everyone. I also think that Artificial intelligence, though everyone thinks it will ruin the world, can be amazing for us. from self driving cars, to technology that can do more complex problems in a much faster time than human intelligence can. 
"Wow. The work IDEO Food + Future CoLab is doing with augmented and virtual reality makes me so giddy; I can’t stop talking about it.
If designers are able to translate data from the un-accessible to the accessible, as IDEO members have been able to do for data about an apple, WOW do we have an opportunity in front of us. Not only is the user able to access information at the snap of a finger, but the information is personalized, tailored to the user’s experience (shopping, in this case) without data overload. The individual understands their experiences and surroundings on a profound level and are thus capable of making smart, informed decisions.
Right now, IDEO’s technology has the potential to inform a shopper about how their food choices impact energy, health, money, etc. SO COOL. Currently, the food industry is horrendous.  A handful of companies monopolize the market, controlling every aspect of how food is presented to the public.  Transparency is non-existent, but with technologies such as blockchains, AR, and AI, the system could be flipped, with customers holding the power.  Knowledge = power, as they say.  If reconstructing the shopping experience is possible, augmented and virtual reality technology can extend to so much more. As members of IDEO Food + Future CoLab mentioned, it adds a whole new set of senses. Perhaps the “sixth sense” (a clever name officially patented by me), the “information-lens,” can play a role in our everyday lives. We could have spontaneous access to extra-sensory data, in order to make informed decisions.
In the future, doctors could use augmented and virtual reality technology to detect and diagnose medical issues instantly, leading to quicker and more effective procedures for hands-on surgery. Necessary information about the patient and specific operation procedures could be spontaneously accessible, and when procedures go wrong, augmented reality could help to identify the problem and possibly save the patient. However, we aren’t just limited to one technology for each design problem – that’s the exciting part.  Innovative solutions are discovered within the intersections of technology, which we can use to tackle converging issues, such as food and health.
In the TV show “No Ordinary Family”, every member of the family has a superpower, and the son’s power is his intellect. The way the show presents his immediate access to all knowledge is very similar to the characteristics of augmented reality technology. In one episode, even though J.J. was athletically challenged, his vision projected the ideal curve of a ball, informing him how to throw it based on physics equations. He was able to hit the target perfectly, effectively wooing his lady friend with his “athletic talent”.  In “No Ordinary Family”, J.J. exists as perfect mix of human and technology.  Presented with instant information, he can choose how to react to it.  Instead of creating machines to complete complex tasks on their own, we can unify technology and humanity to create a network that allows humans to surpass boundaries set by our mental and physical capacities.
"
The internet of things really interests me because it is all about connecting things together. I like exploring the intersections of various fields (my study is Symbolic Systems which is Computer Science, Philosophy, Psychology, and Linguistics, so go figure) and IoT seems to make so many things more accessible than they were before.
I am excited about the future, I love thinking about how these technologies will change our lives. At Stanford Big Ideas Club, which I am heading, this is our focus!
"Of these technologies, blockchain excites me the most. I first learned about bitcoin several years ago, and it piqued my interest because of its counterculture roots (even down to the anonymous creator!) and its ability to upend the financial system we live in. I learned more about bitcoin through web searches and the blockchain technology that is the foundation of bitcoin. I recognized the potential of blockchain to revolutionize much more than bitcoin was promising. Seeking to learn more about blockchain, I read the Business Blockchain, and I was excited by the possibilities of blockchain. However, I was not satisfied, so I read white papers about blockchain projects in healthcare and discussed blockchain with classmates. These endeavors are helping me realize the many possibilities of blockchain, which range from the financial sector to property ownership to healthcare. 

In the book, the author positions blockchain as the next internet. I am now a believer of this opinion of the potential of blockchain. Currently, I am taking a CS class at Stanford to involve myself more technically with programming and fulfill prerequisites for a class on blockchain. Additionally, I am seeking to learn more about blockchain, and I want to meet more people who are held captive by the ideas it proposes. I want to brainstorm with others about potential applications outside of what is commonly mentioned, such as bitcoin, international bank transfers, and medical records. Overall, although blockchain has not yet lived up to its hype according to most, I believe that someone will break loose with an idea within the next five years and truly bring blockchain to light. My goal is to be a part of that movement. 
"
The internet of things excites me because I mostly hate it. In my experience IOT solutions are far from being real solutions. I would like someone to help me change my mind. 
Technology is at an exciting junction today, where emerging tech is granting us new ways to think about problem solving and challenging us to design a brighter future. Blockchain currencies offer a more secure and potentially more stable economic model that could potentially replace more traditional currencies (several cases of this have already emerged in countries with destabilized economies), with massive social and political consequences that could dramatically reshape global commerce. Virtual and augmented reality are slowly but surely catching on as tools for both work and play, with enormous strides being made over the past few years in both the hardware and software sectors. VR promises completely unique media experiences in fabricated worlds with nearly limitless possibilities-- a new economy of experiences, where users and content creators interact on a more personal level. AR, on the other hand, helps to directly merge our physical world with the digital one, and appears to be the next logical step after the widespread adoption of smartphones. The Internet of Things is a puzzle piece in this new hybrid digital-physical world we occupy, serving as a link between many of the physical sub-systems we rely on in our homes (heat, light, security) and our networked lives. IoT has the potential to solve some of the global crises we face today like food and water shortages, but could also lead to a catastrophic shift in the economy as automation dismantles job markets and effectively eliminates the middle class. Likewise, Artificial Intelligence is possibly the most important invention ever, and therefore poses the single greatest moral and ethical challenge for humankind. When Isaac Asimov devised the Three Laws of Robotics, he explored the implications of these laws in a variety of scenarios, discovering loopholes and moral anomalies that still entice thinkers today. As researchers work towards creating an Artificial General Intelligence system, we must constantly consider the moral and social responsibilities of a machine that can think like a human. AI is by far the most exciting thing that humanity has ever devised, and in tandem with some of the aforementioned technologies, AI has the potential to radically change the world. I want to be on the forefront of developing systems that can help people live better and safer through humanistic design. I’m fascinated by the ways that tech shapes our world, but also acutely aware of how quickly it can spiral out of control. I believe that design in this field (particularly related to AI) must be sensitive to everyday people, must be accessible by everyday people, and must be understood by everyday people. CoLab is exactly the kind of experience I’ve been looking for, where great minds can work together to tackle some of humanity’s greatest challenges. 
I love the idea of virtual reality environments that can transport students to an entirely different place. Their first time I saw my students interact with VR I was astounded by how transformative it truly was. I want to use VR tech to take students past their limited sphere of influence. 
I’m interested in the feedback between human behavior and spatial environments. Experience of space is increasingly mediated through digital products, so effective placemaking has to have both physical and virtual components. For example, mapping products have already had a measurable effect on the way we move through space, and experience of those products is intertwined with the experience of the built (and natural) environment. Right now, there's a schism between digital experiences and so-called "real life". To varying degrees of plausibility, this gap has been credited with everything from teenagers’ lack of phone skills to the results of the 2016 US presidential election. I think such growing pains indicate fertile ground, though, and that ar and vr have a very important role to play in folding the world’s worth of experiences opened to us through the internet into our “real lives”. At this point, I could go on about applications ad infinitum, but hopefully you’ll let me do that at the makeathon instead.
My haptics project is funded through an Oculus Grant so I've been doing a decent bit of work with the Oculus SDK and the Chai3D platform to integrate my haptics device to Oculus.  It's quite interesting to integrate haptics into the mix with VR as it introduces a new level of interaction for the user that's currently not very well explored.  I've been really enjoying this project and would love to see people doing more work with the field.  VR + Haptics is very interesting because of its future implications for not just entertainment, but teaching and training. My academic focus is in computer architecture and I'm very interested in high performance computing used in applications that include machine learning.  I don't think anyone's going to be building an accelerator during the makeathon, but it's always good to see what new applications people are using ML for.  My master's research is designing a low power System on Chip using emerging memory technology.  The chip is best suited for IoT devices.  Again, not going to be building a chip during this makeathon, but I have a very good understanding of the general IoT landscape from having to do background research for the project.  
The internet of things has always been incredibly exciting for me in that the possibilities are so vast and the results can be incredibly artistic and experiential to unknowingly vital and progressive for societal design. The camera that I built embodies many of the Internet of Things qualities. And the possibility in creating more products similar to the camera is beyond inspiring to me. I also greatly enjoy how the Internet of Things can stop tragedies from happening and create a better work flow for daily life. The information that sensors can collect and communicate with other machines could stop buildings from collapsing in earthquakes, it could stop people from drinking poisonous water, it could stop a sleepy pilot or conductor from falling asleep while operating their respective modes of transportation. It is an exceptionally powerful branch of technology.
I'm passionate about edtech. By connecting IoT, it helps open exchange of information, and if configured correctly, helps smarter decision making for teachers, students, counselors.
Internet of things is very exciting. We are helping "things" talk to each other and become smart in an AI sense. We will not only have smart phones. We will have smart cars, smart homes, smart medical facilities, smart schools- the possibilities are endless.  By smart, I mean connected. And if things are connected, we have access to control them and expand our horizons. That is the beauty of IoT. 
The technology that excites me the most is the augmented reality. The sole thought about the possibility of walking on the street and at the same time being able to project the past on the surrounding environment or having the access to the information about competitive prices and the journey of that the product took before it reached the supermarket shelve gives me goosebumps. In this technology I see the end to customer manipulation, misinformation and also the opportunity to time travel.
"I love technology. All these advanced technologies today turned the movie The Matrix into reality and bringing us to the future. I’m feeling like riding a rocket ship being around with latest technologies. I’ve attended IDEO workshop in Harvard SEED for social innovation program before when we designed a new way to deliver gifts and I love the design thinking approach IDEO uses to make a difference. I was also in CES in Las Vegas this Jan and was fascinated by the smart-life these technologies brought to us. However, technology alone can’t change things, the way we use technology, educate the market and how we think from customers’ perspective is the key to creating constant value. 
 I want to be the first ones to experience the technology, to educate the market and to help improve people’s lives. 

"
The internet of things has quickly become central to our daily life, which gives it enormous potential to affect routine and expectations in the realm of energy efficiency.  It is a vital resource in field of human behavior change -- an area which we must affect in order to positive change in the distribution and use of natural resources. 
"The idea of open Artificial Intelligence (AI) Ecosystem is a fast growing technology that excites and scares me. The idea that every day objects could all become “smart” and provide assistance for humans is contributing to our current cultural shift, as some consider the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Being a cochlear implant user, I want to participate in figuring out how to make AI accessible for all — currently the idea of me talking with Apple’s Siri or Microsoft’s Cortana is laughable because I cannot hear the AI system. Because AI is in its early stages of being implemented into society, I feel a passionate need for participating in making AI equally accessible as well as the broader perspective of how it will fit into our health care system. 
"

"While I am excited about all of these technologies, I am most familiar at this point with augmented and virtual reality, as well as internet of things. I am especially excited about these because I think this is what is going to infiltrate the consumer market the fastest out of those four. As AR/VR technology becomes more commonplace in games, applications, and art, it gives makers such as myself the opportunity to create more immersive user experiences that will truly demonstrate the vision that we have in mind for the users of the future. This includes more interactive exhibits, and therefore publics places, easier processes in learning new skills or having someone remotely teach you something, as well as allowing your dreams to become reality (like becoming a Pokémon trainer).

The buzz-wordiness of the term IoT devices is already being overused, yet it is still not fully understood by many average consumers. I am interested in making more consumers aware of IoT devices’ potential and its uses, in terms of its business uses and applications to education in STEM fields. IoT devices are a great way to learn about how computers, and how they create networks of information that can allow an unlimited amount of applications and data collection."
The connection between augmented reality (AR) and artificial intelligence (and machine learning as a whole) is where I get really stoked. It is a true reflection of our biological system (learn by seeing, doing, etc.) but with so much more scale (we can only remember so much as humans, but an AR-AI pair is a wild potential of opportunity). I am especially interested in how AR and AI can play a role in our experience with the outside world as we are passengers in it. Considering how much time we spend in cars, there is an opportunity for AI to change how we experience the outside world. There is a lot of impact here for food, agriculture, business, tourism, and education. So, in short, I am thrilled to see what happens and be a part of it.
AI or Blockchain, because many top minds in technology, including Bill Gates, Sam Altman, Elon Musk, and David Cohen believe that these two technologies, AI and Blockchain will reshape society. I'm more knowledgeable about blockchain but interested in both.
"I'm excited by augmented reality and artificial intelligence's potential impacts on our daily functions, routines, tasks, conversations etc. i.e. not entertainment or niche applications. I'm interested in how these technologies can be a natural extension of our bodies and minds and better help us to fulfill our intentions. 
Related, I'm interested in how mass adoption of AR/AI can/will enhance what it means to be human and how we interact with the built/physical environment, as well as with each other.  While my research aspirations center on backend platform software to enable AR innovation, I think it's important to in tandem consider and explore AR/AI's macro impacts on day-to-day interactions and the acceptance + understanding of our [cyborg] selves. 
"
"I'm excited about how BC, AI and IoT are going to shape mobility and the car as a service. 

The blockchain to track everything from vehicle maintenance all the way to an anonymised trip database to optimise road usage. 

IoT as a communication layer between, vehicles, cars and infrastructure that would enable meaningful sharing of insights beyond data.

AI for autonomous driving systems, obviously, and for making sense  of the interconnectivity. "
"You’re standing in front of your mirror. “How may I help you?” the mirror asks. “I need to look impressive at the movie premier tonight. Dan is going to be there.” Through integration with other interactive devices, your mirror knows that you recently started dating Dan. Through advanced neural net capabilities, it decodes your emotional and functional and takes necessary action: the mirror performs a quick search online for movie premier attire. Further deep learning mechanisms enable the mirror to match your style preferences and personality, and learn from online trends. “Here are some options, Fahad. I know you’re into bow ties recently but I suggest going with a wide, pattern ties – they are making a comeback!” Ultimately, you virtually try on options, seeing how you’ll look like on the red carpet next to Dan. Contrary to the mirror’s advice, you select a bow-tie and the mirror orders it for you. 

The seamless integration of VR/AR, IoT and AI is exciting, allowing devices to augmented our capabilities and intelligence effectively. Particularly, for artificial intelligence, we are already moving towards a world where we can provide our devices a set of requirements – emotional or functional – can think through our needs, solve problems, and make suggestions. Such augmentation of intelligence is bound to change how we live."
As a designer who thinks in the realm of physical architectures, the internet of things is of most interest. I envision architecture to be at the forefront of changing the way we live. The opportunities to create efficient, less wasteful, and more accessible housing is boundless when the home is redesigned through the lens of AI and interconnected 'smart' technologies.
Blockchains and augmented and virtual reality both increase access to resources, which is something I’m really passionate about. As a mentor for a high school environmental science program for at-risk students, I recognized an unsettling mentality that science and engineering were “too hard” because that was what everyone else around these students believed. I know that this program raised their expectations for themselves as well as their self-confidence. This is why I started a local science opportunities database, SOURCE, to help increase access to programs like this, and I want to do more within this realm. Instead of creating distance between people, I like that augmented and virtual reality can act as a catalyst for awareness and communication by allowing people to “walk in another’s shoes”. I like that blockchains allow the storing of information and records to become transparent and democratized, which encourages collaboration. They also encourage innovation by encouraging different applications and increasing access, and that is something I want to explore.  
A lot of students focus on app development because it is easy. The iOS app store has 2 million apps, so I'm sure the list of possible tools that can be built for your smartphone device has been thoroughly exhausted to the point that people are re-creating the same exact tools. But the future of technology lives outside of the smartphone. The era of smartphones has had an impactful 10 years, yet very little has changed in the way people interact with the space and environment around them physically. That's because our tech culture has been so microscopically focused on virtual technology that our physical world has become such an obstacle to us that the solution is to introduce fully-immersive virtual reality. So instead of escaping from our physical spaces, I think it is important to work towards improving them. How do we build our homes to be efficient yet comfortable? How do we reduce cost and carbon footprint without compromising on usability? How can tools learn our habits and behavior and mold around our preferences? These are questions I think about a lot because I live in an apartment across my university which was designed without much consideration of energy conservation, water conservation, drainage, etc. Its awkward layout and other restrictions make me think that the way students live today is not very different from the way students lived 20 years ago—except for our greater dependence on high-tech computers on our laps and in our hands. Also, living in Los Angeles has been extremely eye-opening for me in the conversation about transportation. I think a combination of IOT and Artificial Intelligence can realistically make an impact on how people physically interact with the spaces around them in the next 10-15 years.
I have worked and published a paper on Wireless Sensor Networks and their application to to the pilgrim festivals such as the Kumbh Mela in India. I have also studied applications of these technologies in challenged environments. Anomalies and outliers excite me, and more so with these technologies that have become so pervasive, that we don't think about how they mutate in challenged places and become simpler, elegant and more rugged.
As an avid gamer, and science fiction fan, these seemingly futuristic technologies have always excited me. It blows my mind that I am watching these technologies unfold and develop before my very eyes. Aside from the obvious entertainment value of virtual reality, I am interested in the possibilities VR holds for people with disabilities. With VR, people with disabilities may be able to experience things and places which would otherwise be inaccessible to them. I am curious as to what other opportunities are out there to help people with these new and emerging technologies.
I am interested in augmented and virtual reality. I think mixed reality is a magic tool that provide a new space dimension to realize and maintain my ideas and imaginations. I am learning this technology and I want to generate more possibilities and applications through combining other tools or methods. 
Augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR) have been especially exciting for me because in a world where computer and network-based innovations seem to be all the rage, AR/VR actually have massive potential to connect humans on almost all sensory levels with the help of mechanical engineering. I study mechanical engineering, so innovations in that field are the ones that get me especially excited. For now, much of AR/VR has been focused on perfecting how images are presented to the user and how well the image  moves with the user, but with innovations in mechanical systems allowing them to be manufactured at such small scale, we have the potential to make products that can perfectly replicate the sense of touch and weight (any force really) and I think that this tactile experience is where AR/VR is going next.
This past January, I participated in a program at MIT that taught students how to start a hardware startup. Based in Hong Kong, the program objectives were that we find a problem, interview users, develop a solution (with a working hardware prototype), and pitch to investors at the end of the program. Given that the program was 2.5 weeks long, it was very IoT heavy. While my team was working on/researching our solution (a wearable IoT solution to mitigate the problem of sexual assault on college campuses), I realized just how big the world of IoT currently is and how fast it is growing. For example, while in Hong Kong, we visited a phone case manufacturing company (called Ash Cloud) whose entire ERP system is eerily accurate because their manufacturing facility is run almost entirely by IoT devices. Thinking back, it seems like very many problems (big, small, user-oriented or enterprise-oriented) can be mitigated by a more connected environment. At it's heart, this is the mission of the IoT movement. IoT excites me because the possibilities are endless, the industry is growing and the barrier for entry is relatively low, and IoT will make life much easier for so so many. IoT is shaping a future that looks like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzLYh3j6xn8 and that's pretty exciting.
"I tried VR for the first time in 2014, when I just moved to SF from Paris. A few seconds into the Tuscany Dive and I knew that I’ve entered a new era in my artistic journey. For a multidisciplinary artist, designer and filmmaker like me, it was not complicated to see the potential of VR. But for me it became an obsession.That winter at the New Frontier of Sundance, my instincts were confirmed and I knew I had to learn what it takes to create in VR.
For the past 2 years, I’ve been religiously studying VR production at conferences, meetups, workshops and hackathons. I’ve been heavily filming and editing 360 footage. I was a student of VR Women’s Academy’s first class, and I took 3D modeling and Unity classes at the Academy of the Arts. I have been able to also translate my 2D film and design skills into a 3D space. I’m an expert at editing software like Premiere, After Effects powered with Skybox plugins, and stitching software like Autopano pro/giga. I’ve also been using VR software like Tiltbrush and Medium to create 3D extensions of my paintings which I plan to use to make Augmented Reality interactive experiences for my next art exhibition. Right now I'm working on a multiplayer VR experience in a VR bootcamp at Noisebridge, San Francisco. "
"Augmented reality is where I see the future. It's about time we escaped our tiny phone screens and brought our operating systems to life. I'd love to learn more about what it takes to make this happen. 

I like to learn by doing and will  be taking a computer vision class in the spring (AI + AR / VR potential) so I can become a practitioner.

And I put my money where my mouth is. I'm looking to work in one of these spaces this summer and have probably too much of my money sitting in Bitcoin and Ethereum!"
I have to say the internet of things excites me the most because in my mind it has the most obvious potential to solve many of the problems that we have today. I say this because from history, it's become pretty clear that the more information that is shared, the less mistakes are made. Consequently, the better off people, organizations, and societies will be. Because the IoT moves us closer to being able to share information more efficiently, I would argue that it is the most exciting.
"Having previously designed and tested distributed sensor networks for agriculture monitoring, I am intimately aware of some of the possibilities and opportunities that the internet of things provides. Whereas historically certain data were not practical or economical to gather, the internet of things has enabled a wealth of new data to be collected with comparative ease. From these data, valuable new insights can be learned and acted upon. In this sense, the optimization space for many problems is becoming more sophisticated as our ability to monitor improves. 

Having been on the winning team for the 2016 MIT IBM Watson AI hackathon, I especially appreciate the computational power and sophistication that AI can bring to bear on a wealth of image and language processing challenges, among others. From healthcare to human-computer interaction, AI will move a wide range of industries forward and is a technology with amazing potential to create significant positive impact."
Being Peruvian, Im really interested in the blockchain and how it can enable new economic opportunities for underserved markets like developing countries.
"The primary reason I chose to attend NYU’s ITP program was to immerse myself entirely into the world of AR/VR, IoT, machine learning and more — with the ultimate purpose to fuse technology, design and business together. 

Augmented reality, though a fairly “old” technology, didn’t hit a stride in the mainstream until Pokemon Go became a global sensation. We are on the frontier of this powerful technology, and the opportunity that we have to blaze the path forward keeps me up at night. There are an infinite amount of use cases, from education and games to fitness and security. Virtual reality holds that same promise, allowing users to escape from their present world into a another one, where they can experience people, games and destinations unlike ever before.

Machine learning and computer vision is exciting for me personally because of the transportation revolution that the human race will undergo within the next 5 to 10 years. With the rise of autonomous cars, the future of mobility and urban design is a fascinating area, as cities will not be designed around cars that congest the streets, but instead around humans. Through machine learning, we will redesign cities and to a larger extent, the planet as a whole. 

As my background is in Mobile App Product Management, I’ve always jumped at the opportunity to work on projects that combine both hardware and software, and using that data to make better decisions, lower costs and improve efficiencies. As I posted earlier in the application, I’m working on an IoT product right now that I’m excited in the impact it will have in user’s lives. "
In particular, AI and IoT are exciting to me in so many different ways- uncertainty, thrill, potential uses, potential misuses…the technologies are so young and the impacts are so diverse across so many different people and fields. IoT is transforming how you live in your house, how you call a friend, how you get food, and even how you make food (I just read a satire article on a hacking through a crockpot). The potential for dictating everything in your life that requires an input, though one screen (or better yet, no screen!) is the future, and is approaching us sooner than we expect. I want to hook my Echo up to my oven, my mail box, my heart rate monitor, and my bike lock. But what is the repercussions of all this? Is it worth the convenience? These are the questions that drive my excitement. 
Each human being experience life differently and needs a different solution to solve their problem. I believe artificial intelligence will make each individual have a more efficient lifestyle and that excites me. 
"How should the owner’s responsibility be measured regarding the accident of a self driving car?
Would augmented reality be able to relieve human loneliness?
Can blockchains develop as a solution to relieve the income inequality?
How would human desires change in a world where virtual reality substitutes the entertainment industry?
The advancement of technology inspire us to think about what it means to be a ""human"".
As a humanist and a culturalist, these problems reshape how I perceive myself and our society. These ethical struggles demonstrates my existence as a human being, and motivates me to constantly imagine a society where mankind and technologies are balanced. "
I am fascinated by the thought of creating products, particularly with the internet of things and VR, that can help advance the medical field. Every day, people die because of illnesses caused by high blood pressure, cholesterol, and blood sugar. If we could create medical devices to constantly monitor health while maintaining people's privacy, we could completely revolutionize the way people take care of themselves. Not only could people live longer, but we could also cut medical costs since illnesses and ailments could be caught early-on. No more debt because of expensive emergency hospital visits or insane drug treatments. Additionally, we can use VR for anything from surgeons operating remotely to training our troops for combat. These technologies help people live longer so they can enjoy life, which I believe should be the core motivation for making any product.
I want to talk some about virtual reality, I feel exciting about VR after reading Oliver Grau’s book ”Virtual Art” which define virtual from nature art instead of technology. It gives me a lot of inspirations. From Panorama to VR, the core concept of Virtual is still the same : Immersion, which means we still use distance and scale to create illusion, then create the immersion. From body immersion to mental immersion, the space concept become obscure and the audience role start to change, from watching to participation, which I think is the crucial part of VR and made me have enormous enthusiasm on it. Because of we could “compel” user participate in the plot we made through VR, we have the possibility to“control”(influence) the emotion of them. And this gives VR boundless possibility，maybe exist as a way of communication medium，or create a new way for art pieces creating. However, it is also dangerous, for that it has the power to control individual’s mind, it could exist as a politics communication, which means it should be treated  in a critical way. In a word, I am really exciting on what VR could do to solve the real problem in our real world.
I believe virtual reality can become a great equalizer for disadvantaged people. Numerous studies have shown that students who go on school or family trips stated that it increased their interest in school. One found that, after adjusting for socioeconomic status (SES) and race, teens who had the opportunity to go on these trips achieved better grades, were more likely to graduate high school, and earned 12% more income than teens who could not travel. Even as adults, almost 30% of Americans never travel abroad, so they never get to experience different cultures firsthand. Virtual reality can help bridge this gap by allowing people, even if they have low incomes, to experience distant, or even impossible, places. Because of this dream, I was one of the first members of DREAMPORTE, an organization dedicated to bringing virtual reality into classrooms. I created original curricula that combined novel, virtual reality experiences with individual reflections and taught them at local elementary schools. The disadvantaged children that I worked with might never have the opportunity to visit the rainforest, or France, or ancient Incan ruins, in person, but the virtual experience made them more excited to learn about these different places and help show them why these distant places could still be important to them. Of course, virtual reality will also improve our ability to design in three dimensions, give gamers more immersive experiences, and provide new forms of therapy, but the most exciting thing about virtual reality to me is its potential to share cultures around the world. 
I’ve been fortunate enough to have experienced the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift. I’m excited about the innovations in attempt to create better access for people (such as the visual nose implement to combat motion sickness for newer users, or the famous Google cardboard). As it becomes more accessible and further develops into the realm of being a part of the internet of things, technology will bring unnecessary forms automation. I’m very interested in developing and fully analysing (a constant iterative process) projects that use such power (automation, connection, experience) in a meaningful way.
In school and in everyday life I focus my attention on empathy, its presence and dearth in society, and its effects on interactions. I had the privilege of working as a TA for a class on empathy, and explored ways in which empathy may be evoked within people using the help of virtual reality. As I continue to develop a greater understanding for VR's capacity to "place us in the shoes of another," I grow more and more excited about the technology. 
"I'm most excited about AR/VR because it can allow us to work more effectively in ways we can barely imagine. I was recently inspired by the fact that project teams collaborate best when they have some kind of design studio space, with whiteboards and post-its all over the walls - what if we had a VR design studio space with all those things + our 2D digital collaboration tools integrated into it + making use of the 3rd dimension? 

This idea led me to pitching an idea at startup weekend bay area: AR/VR/AI, leading a diverse team of 8, and winning 1st place for Collab Studio: a VR platform for remote project teams. Check us out winning here: https://youtu.be/QlDzy0HKSDo?t=3m37s"
"We live in a digital/physical world where some old/new structures co-exist, this situation sometimes frustrates people but sometimes give us more opportunities to find the way out. 

For me, they are all about the way out. 

Blockchains bring us the opportunities to think out of box not only to decentralize the existing central-controlled structures. 

AR/VR brings imaginations to digital citizen and provides chances to jump out from the existing PC box which has lasted for more than 40 years. 

IoT although it's underlying technology isn't a brand new idea, along with robust, high-speed, always-access Internet, our world will become an interesting grids where we can observe something we never notice, we can find new way of co-living with objects.  

AI is always an exciting topic since Sci-Fi movie always provides this imagination. Human intelligence (or stupidity?) itself is mystical but we might want to understand human brain by creating an artificial ones to stand aside to sneak us. This is a way out of human's thinking. I guess? 

Again, for me, they are all about the way out. As an technologist, if I can use my knowledge to explore the next big things for the human beings, it will be so awesome and meaningful. 
 
"
I am passionate about the Design field, and I am very interested in emerging technologies such as the virtual reality and artificial intelligence. Although I haven't had any experience in this field previously, I am confident that I can bring an asset to my fellow team and learn a lot from the exchange at CoLab  
I am fascinated by cities and their growing relationship with technology -- How can we leverage technology to make our cities more inclusive, responsive, and accessible? I truly believe the Internet of Things is a tool that can help us re-image how we interact and move through urban areas. I am currently leading an initiative within the Tufts administration and various companies to become a "beacon campus" for Driverless Cars such that the cars can be tested and used by our students in a truly dynamic campus environment. Furthermore, we are designing a multidisciplinary course around the ethics and implementation of the cars on our campus such that engineers, artists, and philosophers together can create a blueprint for how our campus can welcome the new technology and become a model for other schools and neighborhoods.
"     I'm extremely excited about the prospect of AR and VR! I've been following Magic Leap since I read about it last year and have done extensive research on VR and its therapeutic benefits for soldiers suffering from PTSD. 
      Growing up, sci-fi movies constantly incorporated AR-type technology into their story lines (i.e. interactive holograms and virtual GUIs) and the prospect of making that technology reality is really exciting to me. Applications are seemingly endless and I love the idea of helping grow the technology in its infancy. The future of VR is also ridiculously cool to think of, as the thought of building and exploring unique or otherwise unreachable environments is super exciting. "
I think adaptations of augmented/virtual reality will be very valuable in scaling educational initiatives and increasing global awareness and citizenship.  I'm also interested in the integration of artificial intelligence in creating more personalized learning for students.
IOT is exciting to me since it can reduce the amount of adaptation human users have to do in order to integrate technology and data into their lives. IOT will be key for facilitating probably the most important layer of abstraction in computer science -- making technology intuitive for all users by mimicking the objects already present in their daily lives.
For me, business school has been an opportunity to sit around with a lot of smart, interesting, accomplished people and discuss our ideas for how we can use business to change the world. In these discussions, I inevitably find my conversations turning to how we might use the technologies described above to bring our ideas to the next level. For example, just last night I was discussing the future of Lonely Planet and how it stays relevant in a wifi-connected world, where crowd-sourced reviews are at travelers’ fingertips. Using IoT and machine learning to understand the difference between places locals go and places travelers go, or even places American travelers go versus Australian travelers would be an incredible value add for a travel guide company. I am excited by the insight that technology will bring to us in the coming years and even more excited about figuring out how to leverage that insight into impact. 
I’m very interested in the internet of things because IoT products provide useful data for users so that they can optimize their interaction with the product. I’m currently working with a group of MIT and Hong Kong University students in creating a smart phone pill case that scans the number of pills left in the blister pill pack and sends the data over to a smart phone app, reminding the user to take their pills. I particularly enjoy this project because it has the potential to inform users about their usage patterns and drug efficiency so that they can better improve their usage habits. Non-IoT products often don’t take advantage of the power of hardware and software, leaving users unable to communicate efficiently with their products.
These technologies interest me because of the concept of "disruption". They're all playing a part in shifting people's expectations, or interaction in various settings. This is a mindset that definitely interests me. In particular I have a lot of interest in the augmented reality category because it can open up so many new doors. I have seen this gradual shift towards interest in AR and although it is still not main stream, companies are looking to be early adopters and incorporate the technology into their businesses. The power AR has, is to really change the way the user interacts with something. No longer does what they're seeing have to visually be in front of them, it can be input into the scene to make it appear as any other object. This presents many new opportunities whether it be for marketing of products or various advances in the medical field. The possibilities are endless, and I think the fact that we are at the forefront of implementing this AR techonology into the mainstream is extremely exciting. I have a passion for new technology and learning about new ways we can incorporate it to improve our daily lives. Both AR and artifical intelligence have this capability and are categories I would like to further explore. 
I am interested in Augmented /Virtual reality and the internet of things, proficient in tangible interface prototyping and digital fabrication, and I am exploring the integration between them. The way people communicate evolving from letter to the internet,  however, architecture, for a long period, hardly changed. As an architect, I think now it's time for a revolution in built environment, and AR/VR/AI/IoT is the key.
"It would, of course, be an honor and a privilege to be selected for CoLab Makeathon to work with any of the technologies listed, considering all of which are big bets expected to have a major impact on the personal and professional lives of humans. However, my specific preference, relates to the Internet of Things and AR/VR. 

One of the most exciting aspects of the Internet of Things, is that businesses have yet to fully understand the opportunities and have yet to master the technologies available due to fragmentation of offering, which poses an incredible challenge but opportunity to develop market leading capabilities and products in this area for organizations and users alike fully embrace. 

I had the opportunity to work on an Internet of Things pilot in the UK when Tesco (a major grocery retailer) were considering the use of iBeacons in their shopping aisles, and ever since then I have kept a watchful eye on developments in this space, particularly in the filed smart homes. Most technologists expect Internet of Things to really take off in 2017, the opportunity to be intimately involved in the conceptualization and development process of capabilities that will likely have a profound impact on human lives and going forward, is an incredibly motivating prospect, particularly when this technology is being deployed benevolently for human advancement.

AR/VR is also an technological area in which I am very eager to contribute. I was an early adopter of AR technology, due to a family friend developing basic AR ‘marker' functionality for clients many years ago, which set off my initial interest. I am excited by opportunities in the learning, training and communication space with VR and AR, which will undoubtedly transform the ways in which humans interact with each other in the future. The clear business opportunity can not be denied either, with a plethora of businesses and industries looking to utilize AR and VR to provide both enhanced and immersive experiences for customers and users through environments that are, in most cases, unachievable in reality.

"
"Blockchains are the key to decentralize bitcoin, and it has great potentials to decentralize even more stuff. 
Artificial Intelligence could help solving lots of problems that human unable to solve. As a designer, I'm really intrigued by the possibilities AI could offer, and I believe design could help technologies like AI work better with human."
"I think that virtual reality has the potential to change how people live.  With the Internet, physical distance should not be a barrier for friends, family, and relationships to meet together even when it's physically impossible to be together.  Virtual reality has the potential to heal people who are suffering physically, mentally, emotionally, or psychologically because of physical barriers (ie. immigration order prevents family members from seeing and experiencing each other because of their nationalities) and allow people around the world to have experiences virtually that they cannot do in their real, physical lives.  

Also, as we saw with the Chinese game Go (Baduk), artificial intelligence can be programmed to beat human abilities and skills.  Not only will machines be more efficient and faster, they will be able to do and go beyond the abilities of humans so that we can achieve things which were formerly impossible."
I get excited about a specific technology only in as much as it enables designs that impact people's lives in a meaningful (positive) way. We are just barely scratching the surface of innovation in these four areas. I want to help steer and shape those innovations, whether its leveraging unharnessed data in new meaningful ways (Blockchains/IoT) or using augmented/virtual reality to create new visual dimensions... im IN!  
All these are really cool areas. I've won an IOT hackathon (https://www.f6s.com/perch), and a VR hackathon (http://www.pcmag.com/news/349958/can-you-hack-virtual-reality-better-than-a-14-year-old) so I'm interested in those areas for sure. I've also won a hackathon with a mobile game product and I actually liked creating gamification concepts a lot. (https://stories.usbank.com/stories/undutchly-wins-think-big-hack-small.html). 
I am a huge proponent of artificial intelligence and virtual reality and their social implications. As the global population continues to grow, the countries that are expected to have the highest populations are also predicted to struggle with poverty and income disparity. The key opportunity I believe AI and VR have in the future is in scaling unique, high value skills of humans. For example, developing a two-tier health system with a machine-automated health service to extend affordable care to those in need. Diagnoses would be made based on historical data inputs and continual learning by being connected to the real doctors who work in traditional health care settings. The opportunities are endless!
I am a huge proponent of artificial intelligence and virtual reality and their social implications. As the global population continues to grow, the countries that are expected to have the highest populations are also predicted to struggle with poverty and income disparity. The key opportunity I believe AI and VR have in the future is in scaling unique, high value skills of humans. For example, developing a two-tier health system with a machine-automated health service to extend affordable care to those in need. Diagnoses would be made based on historical data inputs and continual learning by being connected to the real doctors who work in traditional health care settings. The opportunities are endless!
Talking frequently with my brothers in Stanford University over the phone, it is clear to us, through lectures and articles, that these technologies are the inevitable future in our time, as the internet was in the late 90's. Taking part in this revolutionary and evolving market means to me to be part of history in the making.
I am particularly interested in virtual reality and AI from an experience design point of view. I think these technologies can be used to better certain experiences. For example I am currently working on a project where I am exploring the use of VR in improving the end of living experience in ICU's and hospice care centers. I am passionate about using technology in meaningful ways with adequate foresight and values that serve to sustain the planet.
"All of these things are interesting but, like a lot of people, I'm really into VR. Seriously. I've been waiting for practical VR since I first heard of it when I was probably 8 years old.  I saved up and bought a VIVE headset within the first few weeks that it was available, and immersed myself so deep, I'm still walking around w/ VR sickness ;)

VR's potential in storytelling, education, and telecommunication are ridiculous. I'm most interested in storytelling—how can we help folks have experiences that allow them to better connect to the experiences of others—a woman-identified person being cat-called as she walks down a city street or a person of color being harassed by citizens or the police. 

I'm also interested in the transmission of sensation. Can we transmit physical sensation over the internet? Piezo-electric crystals say ""yes."" "
"New technologies and connected devices are the driving forces of contemporary design. From smart homes, to VR experiences or movies. In order to be better designers we have to think with the tech industry and not afterwards they developed new tech and innovation.
As an ITP graduate I have a deep insight in new technologies and developments in tech as well as in innovation and speculative design approaches. Personally I am interested in VR as a tool to touch people again, as an alternative media and documentary channel to break through peoples numbness towards information and human tragedy. I see it’s potential where information and journalism meets new media, interactivity and art. Drawing from the best of different disciplines to create empathy and transfer knowledge where traditional media fail. 
Also in the role of Artificial Intelligence I am very interested to think about. Artificial Intelligence means in consequence artificial decision making - not within the framework of ethics, moral standards and rules humankind defined. I see a huge chance and at the same time a huge danger in the development and use of AI devices."
"All of these things are interesting but, like a lot of people, I'm really into VR. Seriously. I've been waiting for practical VR since I first heard of it when I was probably 8 years old.  I saved up and bought a VIVE headset within the first few weeks that it was available, and immersed myself so deep, I'm still walking around w/ VR sickness ;)

VR's potential in storytelling, education, and telecommunication are ridiculous. I'm most interested in storytelling—how can we help folks have experiences that allow them to better connect to the experiences of others—a woman-identified person being cat-called as she walks down a city street or a person of color being harassed by citizens or the police. 

I'm also interested in the transmission of sensation. Can we transmit physical sensation digitally? Piezo-electric crystals say ""yes."" "
I am excited by the Internet of Things because it can help bring ideas such as autonomous vehicles and such to fruition. This can be done through data analysis and decision-making that can make cars more capable of driving themselves. This will require a degree of artificial intelligence as well.
"Since I was a kid I've been amazed with the variety of experiences people are able to create with even the most basic forms of technology. One of my hobbies is building and maintaining a desktop work/play station. 

This hobby has kept me conscious of the directions hardware companies have been moving with their tech, and how game developers have responded, utilizing it in unexpected ways.

One of the major trends I've noticed that I'm excited about is movement towards interactive storytelling. Game developers like Telltale have been exploring the boundaries of choice in games like ""The Walking Dead"", while games like Giant Squid's ""ABZU""  marry soundtrack and stunning visuals to tell an impactful story about climate change.

The introduction of AR and VR allow developers to tell stories in a more interactive and intimate way than ever before. Putting the user inside a virtual universe or bringing virtual element to life in the real world allow the fourth wall to be discarded completely. Users become participants, rather than spectators in video games, movies, advertisements, or any form of media.

These advancements, however, do not come without their share of concerns, such as the psychological implications of complete virtual immersion, possible damage to ones eyesight due to prolonged use of vr hardware, and security weaknesses that come with Internet-of-things ecosystems."
I am particularly interested in artificial intelligence because it is still uncharted territory. Although we have dabbled in it, AI is still very far away from being a form of intelligence that humans can relate to. I believe that progress can only be made, if we reinterpret what artificial intelligence means and what direction we want it to take us. I have always aspired to be at the forefront of innovation, and nothing entails as much innovation as working with an emerging technology, especially one as inherently imperfect as artificial intelligence. 
Working with Service design I constantly come in contact with services that's going towards minimized human to human-interactions. This makes it important to understand what other options there are, how service value can be retained even though the service person itself is eliminated. For me this have mostly been about chatbots but I'm very interested in exploring the field more, both understanding more about the underlying technology and how to in a good way develop services including AI. 
"Artificial intelligence, specifically machine learning, is the next big thing in the legal field. It's no secret that AI is coming, it's just a matter of when and (more importantly) how. Understanding more about machine learning algorithms and how they could apply to the law excites me because NO ONE KNOWS THE ANSWER. It is truly a new frontier. Since one of the major issues in applying AI to the law is that the law is largely based on syntax rather than numbers, no one knows how to best apply machine learning. I want to figure it out.

I am by no means an expert on AI, but I absolutely understand the impact it could have on our society if applied correctly in the legal field. As someone who has spent time working with underserved populations, I have seen the impact solving this syntax-problem  could have on the infamous ""justice gap."""
"My background is in user interfaces, so naturally AR and VR stand out to me as a black canvas to create interaction patterns that shape our future and enhance our day to day. It also blends into the Internet of things and using the valuable information from the tech around us to inform our actions in the present and future. 

My main inspiration & excitement, is the potential to create life changing experiences for people with disabilities. AR for the deaf could make a connection for that community the would be invaluable. "
Technology is a vehicle that drives change in today's society. The power of tech in the present world and future is undeniable. I'm specifically interested in how technology changes or adapts to user behavior. In my personal work, I am constantly exploring how technology can be used to shape and empower our society.
"Because Rob Cook called me a dumbass. And I got the message. 

Rob was on the team that developed Renderman; he was responsible for the Lion King, Toy Story, and so many other of my favorite childhood movies. It felt full circle when he asked me what I wanted to do when I grew up: ""I'm not sure if I want to go into engineering or design"" I said. He laughed, and I'll never forget his response. ""you dumbass; why not do both?"" 

Working with Pixar was his way of combining his love for physics and storytelling, and he encouraged me to do the same with engineering and design. I don't know how to describe my excitement over the idea of virtual reality being fully realized in my life time, but I imagine it must be akin to how Rob felt to be part of the team that pioneered an entire new medium of expression through animation. The stories of a boy's talking toys or a runaway lion prince could only be done justice with animation - just imagine what beautiful stories and invigorating experiences can be shared through virtual reality? Maybe one day, I'll be giving advice to a little girl who grew up with the stories I made possible through virtual reality, just like Rob did with me through animation. Virtual reality is an opportunity to exercise my interests in engineering and design, in a sprint to achieve humanity's most noble pursuit - sharing the most human of experiences through brilliant storytelling."
Artificial intelligence and internet of things are shaping our future lifestyle. Imagine a smart home, company, or even city equips with connected devices and a centralized AI assistant. With this huge amount of data collection, we can easily build a lot of interesting interaction on top of it to provide the whole experience of our everyday things. For example, we have seen Amazon Alexa and Amazon Go. And a lot more to come!
"Augmented reality excites me because it can engage humans more deeply and meaningfully with the real world. In January, I got to see first-hand some of the applications as an invited speaker at the “AR in Action” summit hosted at the MIT Media Lab. The dizzying array of applications for AR, across dozens of industries, had one thing in common: making life better, more enjoyable, more productive, and more playful for people. As a designer and artist, I’m excited to think about new applications for this technology, but I think that these investigations would benefit from a process guided by the needs of real people.
"
Technology is developing faster than we can keep up with it. I think it is important to be intentional with how we position things like AI and VR to help enhance the way people engage with each other in the world. There is a phrase at RISD, "critical making" . While people love to make fun of this phrase, I think it is becoming increasingly relevant as the stakes grow higher. We need to think critically about how design decisions we make today will affect the life and culture of the people in the future.
I think it is immensely important to locate objects and services in the existing environments and acknowledge that they are a part of larger processes. I also think that it is the role of a designer to responsibly navigate how new technologies fit in. I am excited to be a part of it!
Taken as a whole, these technologies present amazing and daunting opportunities. For me, I'm most interested in looking towards augmented and virtual reality as it relates to transportation. Far too many people are killed each year driving and can benefit from universal tools which improve the safety and joy of moving around. Diving into how augmented human vision can improve the way we move is a key focus I have for this CoLab. 
I am most excited by augmented and virtual reality because I have been able to see its growth since I first learned about it as an undergraduate researcher 12 years ago. Virtual reality will change the way we learn, play games, consume entertainment, and socialize online. Augmented reality (especially using heads-up displays) will increase our productivity, merge the digital and physical worlds, and finally make Mark Weiser's concept of ubiquitous computing complete.
My final project for Digital Entertainment Degree is an Interactive Installation which fell in the category of the Internet of things.
"Among those emerging technologies, I had a chance to join a hands-on design-build project exploring AR and VR for distance learning/ training. Within that period of time, I dived into building a web app which connects with Microsoft Hololens and accordingly delivering a new experience of remote learning for end users. After working on this project, I realized the Hololens and other AR/VR technology has amazing potential, and what I worked on was just the tip of the iceberg for what's going to be coming in the next decade or so. When I was brainstorming the potential product ideas of AR/VR technology for distance learning problem, I can think of many creative and crazy solutions, and the best part is they might all come true in the near future! I can imagine people could join a class online and vividly interact with the instructor in a virtual classroom. Even more, the instructor can remotely and easily demo a complicated 3D prototype in the virtual environment.
The AR and VR advancements in the last few years have made it possible to have a much better experience than what it was. Even though we are still waiting for a perfect AR and VR system, but I firmly believe we will get there soon!"
While I originally rolled my eyes when I first found out about VR, I quickly realized I should not be so quick to judge. I received my BA in Environmental Analysis and am still passionate about environmental issues. I think VR could be a powerful tool in promoting environmental stewardship and I am curious to explore this technology further. 
I have always been intrigued with the latest technologies and that is one of the main reasons I did my under graduate in Computer Science Engineering. I am fascinated by the technologies used by IDEO and would love an opportunity to work with the same.
Blockchains and the internet of things will revolutionize product production and distribution lines. An example of how block chains and iOT can benefit production and distribution would show from the relationship between restaurants and Jetro Cash & Carry. Most restaurants in my community stock up on ingredients once a week at Jetro Cash & Carry. In order to meet the demands of these restaurants, Jetro must import the correct amount of supplies. Now often times during the year, a variety of different inefficiencies occur, Jetro becomes over stocked on some supplies and under stocked in others which lead to frustrated customers, and either over compensation or under compensation of supplies during the next supplying period. These inefficiencies could be solved by implementing block chains and iOt technology. Using Block Chains, Jetro could record and analyze trends in their customers buying habits which will accurately inform them of which supplies to restock in, when to restock, and who's buying. Restaurants could create supply lists and use the iOT to establish an online shopping cart with Jetro. This not only saves time for the shopping customer but establishes a lean system with much less waste for both parties.
As someone who loves to visualize beyond the traditional,  I am excited the see augmented and virtual reality become more sophisticated. The potential applications of it's use, from providing 3-D visualization of products in the ever-growing online shopping market to transforming communication between long-distanced loved ones, will transform how we can see the world. As an artist and engineer, I would love to have the ability to create a CAD model I could walk around, or design prototypes of my dresses in the virtual world. Rarely has a final version of a dress turned out similar to the original 2-D intentions I have drawn in my sketchbook; it is difficult to predict how a non-textile material will move or look in a dress form without extensive experimentation with the material. With virtual reality, I would be able to get a better sense of the characteristics a material would have on the body, giving me the ability to plan more intricate designs. Augmented and virtual reality will have this ability to change how we view the world.  
"I still remember the day I first tried the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive. No other device had made me feel the way I felt that day.

It felt as if I had seen the future. I stayed in my office (Mutual Mobile, Austin) where I was doing my summer internship, till midnight and watched all the 360 videos on the Oculus app.

I'm currently working on my own VR news app, called Little Maxima.


I also took a course on AI, last semester. I tried out a project made by Ivan Seidel. I tried to teach Google's Dinosaur to jump cactus using AI.

I haven't used Bitcoin but read a lot about. I am keen to use it in a project."
"Because it will affect my day to day life! 
Whoever we are, we want more of it, and we know tech can give us more than we ask! 
From automated coffee machines to see (moreover feel) movies anywhere, it will change our human life! "
"Blockchain is just one of those things that just won't go away. Why? Because people, like me, are keeping it alive! Blockchain tech obviates the need for a third-party trustee, such as a banking institution, escrow agent or *ahem* lawyer, allowing consensus-based value exchanges so fundamental to the principles of democracy. 

The implications of this are huge! I truly believe Blockchain tech is to what the internet was pre-revolution. We can see it being looked into by almost every industry, from finance to agriculture."
"
I have been working for years in order to increase productivity and competitiveness of firms in Latin America through the promotion of innovation.  As the technology frontier moves forward, and as emerging economies keep opening themselves to global capital, human talent and technology, I feel the urgency to engage on the development of new technological solutions that will contribute to better economic performance of firms in emerging economies.  Augmented and virtual reality software and solutions represent to me the opportunity to transform manufacturing and commercial industries by generating solutions that will allow them to experience large scale savings while engaging in new ways to purchase, display, sell and learn from their customers by immersing them into the products and services they offer.  Furthermore,  this technology could exponentially enhance experience of citizens using public education and health services.  Exploring this path represent to me a new opportunity to  triggered economic and social development in emerging countries."
Augmented and Virtual Reality excites me for it changes the way we look at the world and our space perception. Artifical Intelligence is super interesting for me because I believe AI is going to change the way we live and work. We can reconsider what is the position and capability of the human being in the world when we develop AI.
 The first time I heard about virtual reality 14 years ago when I was in 7th grade, I fell in love with technlogy and how it can help us reach our dreams which were once unimaginable. The development in AR/VR nowadays is a dream come true for me and I can't wait to become a part of it. Besides, I am also amazed by the internet of things is helping the world become "smarter" and much more connected.
The first time I heard about virtual reality 14 years ago when I was in 7th grade, I fell in love with technology and how it can help us reach our dreams which were once unimaginable. The development in AR/VR nowadays is a dream come true for me and I can't wait to become a part of it. Besides, I am also amazed by the internet of things is helping the world become "smarter" and much more connected.
I'm in love with the internet of things. A friend of mine works for blockchain technology and I've been working recently with brands that are all AI-oriented. So, there's no doubt, I'm all up for this!
Virtual Reality is something that continually changes how people experience things with all senses.  What makes VR so fascinating is it's ability to extend into all areas, whether it's health care, social interactions, video games, education, or social entertainment. Being able to touch the lives in all these areas and shape how people experience things in the future is something. Lastly, I have always been a dreamer, imagining worlds that I'd loved to create through graphic designs and animations. Being able to translate that into something that someone can experience is an extraordinary feat in technology. 
The Internet of Things is something that is phenomenally curious, and interesting. The idea that so much of our world is already connected, an we are finding ways to connect ourselves further is unfathomable. Think to merely five or ten years ago when we were looking at the growing age of smartphones, and the current ubiquity is such a far off land from where we were. I feel this is how we will evolve with the IoT. The goal, in my mind, is to build upon the IoT in a more positive way by utilizing it to facilitate interaction as we expand our worlds.
"From just a lot of excitement to an unbelievable amount of it:
The blockchain technology is a very interesting one because it not only can significantly reduce costs of financial transactions but also allow for unprecedented levels of transparency, auditability, and efficiency, ultimately collaborating for a more affordable, safer and less corrupt world. 
AR and VR have so many applications, from gaming and music production to complex equipment maintenance diagnostics and execution, that the best reason I'm excited by its cool factor and buzz potential.
AI is a tool that can really change the world. Machine learning is able to automate most tasks today performed by humans and improve them. This can ultimately diminish the NEED for labor and free people to do what they are the best in (Thinking, developing and building great things) or simply allowing them to do whatever they want"
"At the risk of getting too specific, I’m very interested in how VR can be applied to the challenges of aging. 

This past fall, I spent a few weeks living with an elderly man in Spain. My goal was to research design opportunities for the elderly population through immersion in the life of someone outside of my own family orbit. In my time with him, I was struck by both the quantity of hurdles he faced on a daily basis, but also by how nearly all of them could be ameliorated through more human interaction. He had trouble maintaining an awareness of day and time, often forgot to take his medicine, and mostly just felt lonely and bored. Why not create a VR tool that provides the sort of stimulus that the elderly often lack? Of course, VR might never offer a true substitute for the warmth of human contact — but I think the opportunities for scenarios like these are enormous and exciting."
"Blockchains are very interesting because they have come into news as being new and alternative forms of commerce, and we see banks and other entities beginning to use them. I feel that the usage of blockchains such as Etherium might find itself in applications in more than just finance, and I'd like to explore that.

Virtual reality also really excites me because it is such a cutting-edge technology that is beginning to find itself more and more in our homes. I'm really interested in seeing how VR, and also AR, will find itself used in everyday lives.

AI is really interesting to me because it's a way for humans to develop more interactive ways to automate their processes and make everything easier. I feel that the application of AI isn't just limited to some of the fancy things we see nowadays such as Siri and Cortana, and that AI finds some interesting applications in a design context.

The Internet of Things is something I haven't had the time to explore as much. I feel that many people never expected to see devices like their toasters connect to the internet, and indeed, some devices are more expensive to buy without wifi connectivity. This is a hotbed of human-to-machine integration, and I'd like to explore this area further. "
As a visual designer, pattern maker, and color theorist by trade, I am fascinated by how technology becomes accessible to folks who are outside of the tech mainline. Currently, I am working on a project called Feelings Forecast, which uses Processing and facial recognition software to customize a colored pattern for the viewer, based on their current emotional state of mind. Technology can be intimidating - I believe it should be fun and inspiring for all. It is incredibly important to find ways to create approaches to technology that encourage intersectionality and appreciation of the broad range of personal connection and self awareness that can become a by-product of working with these new technologies. 
I'm highly interested how we might be able to use artificial intelligence to improve the healthcare system. Last semester, I took a computer science course on artificial intelligence in which I learned the ideas and techniques underlying inference, planning, and learning agents. I'm excited about how we might be able to use the automatic and precise decision making that AI enables in order to improve the healthcare system as well as the treatment provided. By sharing data across medical teams, we might be able to provide advice or expertise on treatment, or we might be able to use computer vision to help us diagnose issues on new, unseen, and real-time data from scans.
The capabilities harnessed by all the above technologies are infinite and each are exciting as a stand-alone technology. But it is the mixing of these technologies that create truly innovative solutions. I am particularly interested in the connectivity intrinsic to the internet of things and in blockchains' ability to not only act as a data ledger but to allow for safe, transparent and reliable transactions. Ideo's Smart Solar project encapsulates the positive outcomes of combining such technologies and is an example of an efficient way to store and share data (in this case, energy) among a community, opening the door to new frontiers in shared energy networks. 
"Giving consumes new abilities means more than just a change in look or feel.  It means fundamentally changing what they can do.  AR & VR open up new worlds.  IOT makes things smarter.  With IOT, we no longer have to wonder what's happening around us.  

I've long had the challenge of allergies affecting my sleep.  Using a friend's startup's IOT device, AWAIR, now I -know- what the air quality is 24/7.  This knowledge lets me change my environment, get better sleep, and effectively lengthen my effective time at Stanford.   This improves my life.

And though I haven't interacted with blockchains in a way that's visible on the surface, the idea that data isn't stored in any one place is captivating.  This concept is less than 10 years old, and it's already so important.  I'm eager to learn more."
Even though all the emerging technologies are really exciting, the one that excited me the most is the mixed reality. Hololens blew my mind since Microsoft presented the project. If it becomes a massive product it will change our lifestyle. But what is astonishing is the impact it will have in graphic and industrial design, medicine, architecture, among other fields. 
I believe technology should serve people’s needs. I’m curious about how machine learning or where would be places to exist to delight users. I’m also interested in exploring VR/AR technologies how to bring learning experience into students’ lives and enhances them great learning experiences and generates further interest in the subject matter. 
I am most excited about the internet of things. While the virtual world is growing, humans cannot live without the physical world. I have a great interest in making things smarter by connecting objects and designing  tangible interaction. 
For years I’ve been getting involved with blockchain and IoT. I believe it my responsibility as a designer and maker to learn and contribute as much as I can to ensure the safe and proper application of these great technologies. I’m an active contributor within my community and workplace having done talks on blockchain and it’s potential applications. I would love to bring my product design skills to explore with other great makers to improve identity protection, global commerce, machine payable web, and bringing equality to under served communities worldwide _xd83d__xde03_ 
I am most excited about the internet of things. While the virtual world is growing, humans cannot live without the physical world. I have a great interest in making things smarter by connecting objects and designing  tangible interaction. 
"I’m interested in many of these technologies, but in particular, I’m excited by the evolution of artificial intelligence and its applications in everyday life going forward. My thinking about AI thus far (machine learning, more specifically) spans both its dangers and promises; I am interested in considering the myriad of ways it might significantly improve our communication, businesses and products, but to also consider another dystopian extreme, ie. security risks, ethics, etc. As an interaction designer, I am compelled by some of the following questions about AI and its relationship to interface design:
- With applications of AI such as conversational interfaces, interactions with computers are becoming more naturalized and seamless in our day to day. What happens when an interface becomes “invisible” and we trust our devices more? 
- What are the larger implications of this on communication? Security?
- How can we design interfaces that cultivate both trust and transparency? 
- What do these interfaces “feel” like? 
- As machines begin to learn about us, and product experiences become more individualized, it sometimes feels like algorithms know what we want and what we are thinking even before we do. Can algorithms begin to shape our preferences and conditioned responses on an individual on societal scale?
- How will AI change the role of the designer?"
I am really excited about Augmented Reality because this technology enhances what the user is already seeing in the real world using computer generated images and text. Gives the users the ability to get more out of the world through their vision; and once people couple their lifestyle with Augmented reality and get hooked on to this technology, I believe there will be no turning back. In my current elective, New Venture Creation, I am already working on an application with a team which uses AR technology. Through this application, we aim to improve human interaction and allow users to connect in real life. 
While I am excited about all four emerging technologies – I believe that the internet of things and blockchain have the most disruptive potential. We already see the emergence of the next generation of the internet of things with the adoption of connected homes with devices such as Amazon Echo and Ecobee3. This was partially enabled by first generation devices such as Fitbit and Roomba that encouraged user familiarity with the internet of things. While the potential is exciting, the key players will have to address issues such as security, especially when integrating users from business and government. Blockchain, on the other hand, has the potential to touch many lives around the world through applications such as promoting financial inclusion and building trust between strangers. However, it remains to be seen if mainstream users will be comfortable with the idea of such ‘radical’ decentralization of crucial activities such as financial transactions. 
I have developed several software for architects and designers to utilize environmental analysis tools based on Rhino3D and Grasshopper platform. This is one step of my career to provide technology and technical domain knowledge to designers in more visually friendly ways. Emerging platform for designers is critical in the future tech-oriented design industry. Therefore, I do want to participate more deeply in the interdisciplinary industries through this position.  
All of these are interesting to me, but since I know a bit more about AI and the internet of things, I am more inherently inclined to work with those. They excite me with the broad potential they have with not only connecting everything but also applying a smarter program to solve harder problems. Though these are innately significant to improving society, I am even more driven to improving humanity; in particular, I am really interested in energy, and how we can apply the IoT and AI to not only better these issues in distribution and efficiency (as well as renewability with the environment) with first world countries, but also extending these benefits to developing countries on a global scale. Reading about CoLab’s projects with Shift and Smart Solar are so awesome to me and I am really psyched about the chance to contribute to something like that.
Blockchain is really exciting to me. I'm as sick of the phrase "disruptive technology" as the next designer, but it might be the most accurate description of blockchain. I think this technology is being massively underutilized and the opportunities to completely rethink banking, democratic process, and social justice are incredibly exciting.
The internet of things excites me because of its potential to galvanize significant improvements in the livelihoods of people with disabilities. From intelligent personal assistants to smart thermostats, IoT empowers people to live more meaningful, independent lives by accomplishing tasks that they otherwise would be unable to do. At the end of the day, it is the people who need these emerging technologies the most that also often find them the hardest to use - I want to think about these people from the start, and build for them. 
The internet of things provides an opportunity to interconnect a wide range of  technological appliances and services that optimize the work done.
"
As a child of an immigrant and a person of color, I'm interested in particular about how emerging technologies can be used in innovative ways to address issues that are particularly relevant to immigrant and minority communities. For example, I'm excited about artificial intelligence and its potential when it comes to translation and sentiment analysis. With the proliferation of bite-sized news and satirical online publications, I noticed in the past that it was often difficult for my parents, for whom English is a second language, to get trustworthy information about current events. But in the past few years as improvements in artificial intelligence research has enabled online translation services to become much more accurate, they've become much more engaged in reading content online and staying informed about local politics. In addition, I'm excited about the potential for augmented reality in providing new ways for researchers to investigate the impact of implicit social bias and potential ways to mitigate it - for example, some studies have found that when people are in the virtual bodies of people of color, they are less likely to be biased towards people of color (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5126081/, https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23727712)."
We live in a fascinating, constantly changing world.  I think that the technology really enables a whole new set of applications and I'm interested in transforming the technology to work in a productivity way for society.  As a psychology major the human behavioral interaction with the new technology is fascinating and I would love to explore it more. 
"
I am extremely excited about the potential of Virtual Reality technology and the internet of things to connect people in different parts of the world. As a first generation American, with a majority of family still living in El Choco, the most remote and under-resourced region of Colombia, South America, the internet allowed me to stay connected with my family members; the proliferation of VR technology will only enhance those connections. Moving forward I think doctors, engineers, innovators, and many other professionals will also be able to leverage VR technology to design cost effective educational experiences for people in under resourced communities throughout the world. The enhanced ability to collaborate with and learn from people from all over the world, will in turn lead to the discovery of sustainable solutions to problems that these people face. At the same time, people within these communities will also be able to leverage Virtual reality technology to educate people in developed communities on how they find solutions to the problems they face on a regular basis. "
"Exploring use cases are more exciting to me than the technology itself. So rather than saying I'm excited by VR or AR I would say I'm excited by the ways in which these technologies can help us address a relevant need. 

I like the way in which VR is currently being used as way to help people with schizophrenia improve through controlled exposure therapy. 

Specific to learning, I'm excited by the fact that AR is becoming readily adopted through popular apps (such as Snapchat, and of course, the infamous Pokémon Go). In the future, it would wonderful to be able to physically see text prompts appear when going through training on a specific task. 

I think there is a lot of potential with new media and learning specifically within the area of evaluating learning outcomes. Rather than having a student who's learned about public speaking techniques be tested through a written exam, for example, it makes more sense to evaluate if outcomes were met by having him giving a speech that applies the principles he has learned. I think new media affords a lot of opportunities for these more relevant methods of evaluation.   "
"I’ve been fascinated by the possibilities of virtual reality(VR) and augmented reality(AR), whose immersive nature has yet to be fully explored. Thus I devoted my time to making meaningful and playful VR, AR and mixed reality(MR) projects. 
For example, my VR project “Between” combined VR and 360 videos to mimic an immersive “after-death experience”, which was showcased in several exhibitions. I also design an “AR tour map” for creating a new touring mood. In addition, I am designing an application to help amnesic patients and their families reduce their life burdens via MR technology. By utilizing these emerging technologies, we can not only solve certain problems by immersive ways, but also enhance the quality of people’s life. I am excited to its potential of positive social impact.
"
"I believe that artificial intelligence has the capacity to dramatically change almost every industry, and I believe that we are only just now starting to see its implications on society. At Instagram, I watched how the data that we collected — the photos and locations and comments — revealed incredibly exciting insights and opportunities that changed the way we thought about our products and our users. As machine learning algorithms have gotten better, I think that the biggest advances will come from people who are able to collect data that unlocks new uses for that tech. I am currently learning about use cases in healthcare, which I think has some of the biggest opportunities (although also some of the biggest hurdles given the current state of regulation). We are already starting to see disruption in fields like medical imaging. As we collect more data, and find more avenues to bring the technology to market, I think that we have the ability to scale healthcare in a way that both access and the quality of care. 
"
This past winter I began toying around with Google’s TensoFlow Neural Network framework after a friend at Google introduced me too it. At first I was a bit overwhelmed by all the hype and buzz surrounding “artificial intelligence,” but once I got my hands dirty and actually reading the underlying theory and implementation things became much more clear and elegant to me. I began to see new use cases and applications I’d never initially thought of. Machine learning, though inherently powerful, is truly powerful when applied correctly. I took a crack at this myself last summer trying to teach my computer how to rap by training in on a scraped, processed dataset of verses. While my MacBook surely was the next digital 2pac, it was certainly exciting to being to teach a machine an innately creative and human thing such as rapping. In light of this, I decided to take Harvard’s grad level machine learning class this semseter to learn even more!
"I believe that virtual reality is the future. Once I became fascinated with virtual reality, I kept striving to pursue a career involving the VR industry. However, from the perspective of user experience(UX) design, there are many improvements to be made around VR. The problems of VR are that it's heavy, expensive, requires external devices, is wired, lacks content, etc. I did some research on an article about how technology companies in Silicon Valley treat virtual reality technology and work to solve current VR problems. In the article, it was said that Microsoft is working with HP, Dell, and Lenovo to design VR accessories capable of inside-out tracking that will work with cheaper computers. A technology called ""inside-out tracking,"" is one that uses sensors built into a VR headset to track a wearer's movements rather than relying on external equipment. Also, Intel is working with HTC to make VR as a wireless device. Many companies in Silicon Valley are investing to improve virtual reality technology. It's an exciting time because many major companies are aiming to develop VR as the primary future medium.

Furthermore, as I mentioned above, I want to create VR language education programs because VR needs more useful content for its customers in order to expand its user base. My idea of a VR language program is based on my language learning experience. In 2010, I went to China to learn Chinese for one year. It was a very short period of time to learn a foreign language. Thus, I came up with idea that using spatiality would help to enhance language memory retention. The result was pretty successful. I thought that if I adopted this learning mechanism for virtual reality, it would be more effective than learning the 2D version online because VR involves not only spatiality but also presence, enjoyment, and interactivity.

Augmented reality is also new technology. After becoming a popular pocketmon, it has become more successful on mobiles. I practiced with Vuforia to make AR content. It has a more novel effect than VR because the objects come up in reality. I assert that the application of AR is more widely used than VR because it is cheap and no external devices are needed. When I worked in IMAJION, one of our projects was to make a strategy for football playing. We analyzed each player’s game path and played it on the Microhololens. Also, AR is a good storytelling tool for children. Many futurists predict that AR would surpass VR in 2020. Thus, the potential of AR makes me excited to get involved in the AR industry as well. 

Lastly, the Internet of Things (IoT) makes me excited because it connects every digital device. In 2015, I wrote the conference paper, “The Design of a Smart TV Logging System considering the Context of Audiences by Using Beacons and Smartphones”. I tested the connectivity of beacons, smartwatches and smartphones. I dreamed that we will be able to control all single digital devices in the near future. The Amazon Echo is a representative IoT example. According to the diffusion of the innovation model, the current status is between early adopters and the early majority. Thus, if many designers and technicians work on developing the IoT in the near future, the auto home and cars, etc. will be a dream come true."
"As a Master of Industrial Design student I am becoming more and more enthralled with this world. With a strong focus on design for social impact, I am extremely drawn to virtual reality as a tool for creating stronger empathy for both designers and consumers. I am passionate about design fiction, and virtual reality can be a direct extension of this methodology as it allows designers and creative individuals to imagine futures and different worlds in a way that has never been possible until now.  
 
"
"I believe that virtual reality is the future. Once I became fascinated with virtual reality, I kept striving to pursue a career involving the VR industry. However, from the perspective of user experience(UX) design, there are many improvements to be made around VR. The problems of VR are that it's heavy, expensive, requires external devices, is wired, lacks content, etc. I did some research on an article about how technology companies in Silicon Valley treat virtual reality technology and work to solve current VR problems. In the article, it was said that Microsoft is working with HP, Dell, and Lenovo to design VR accessories capable of inside-out tracking that will work with cheaper computers. A technology called ""inside-out tracking,"" is one that uses sensors built into a VR headset to track a wearer's movements rather than relying on external equipment. Also, Intel is working with HTC to make VR as a wireless device. Many companies in Silicon Valley are investing to improve virtual reality technology. It's an exciting time because many major companies are aiming to develop VR as the primary future medium.

Furthermore, as I mentioned above, I want to create VR language education programs because VR needs more useful content for its customers in order to expand its user base. My idea of a VR language program is based on my language learning experience. In 2010, I went to China to learn Chinese for one year. It was a very short period of time to learn a foreign language. Thus, I came up with idea that using spatiality would help to enhance language memory retention. The result was pretty successful. I thought that if I adopted this learning mechanism for virtual reality, it would be more effective than learning the 2D version online because VR involves not only spatiality but also presence, enjoyment, and interactivity.

Augmented reality is also new technology. After becoming a popular pocketmon, it has become more successful on mobiles. I practiced with Vuforia to make AR content. It has a more novel effect than VR because the objects come up in reality. I assert that the application of AR is more widely used than VR because it is cheap and no external devices are needed. When I worked in IMAJION, one of our projects was to make a strategy for football playing. We analyzed each player’s game path and played it on the Microhololens. Also, AR is a good storytelling tool for children. Many futurists predict that AR would surpass VR in 2020. Thus, the potential of AR makes me excited to get involved in the AR industry as well. 

Lastly, the Internet of Things (IoT) makes me excited because it connects every digital device. In 2015, I wrote the conference paper, “The Design of a Smart TV Logging System considering the Context of Audiences by Using Beacons and Smartphones”. I tested the connectivity of beacons, smartwatches and smartphones. I dreamed that we will be able to control all single digital devices in the near future. The Amazon Echo is a representative IoT example. According to the diffusion of the innovation model, the current status is between early adopters and the early majority. Thus, if many designers and technicians work on developing the IoT in the near future, the auto home and cars, etc. will be a dream come true.
"
"I’m especially interested in the combination of augmented reality and internet of things. I find augmented reality interesting because I believe people in general would feel more comfortable experiencing a virtual world through their tablets or their phones rather than through some goggles or headsets. The possibilities in innovation that such technology can provide have barely been scratched. I like to think of furniture designers being able to design pieces and then having customers use augmented reality to “test” the furniture piece in their homes to see whether they would like to purchase it or not. I also like to think of engineers working on the repair instructions for a hover-car engine; a customer would then “see” that engine in his or her car and be able to fix his or her hover-car. 
+
I’m interested in the Internet of Things because we are a society that seeks convenience, which IoT can begin to provide. I can imagine refrigerators capable of ordering our groceries, shoes that can monitor our weight in order to provide health tips, or even clothes fabric that can become more breathable when temperatures go up. Though I agree with Steve Case when he argues that technology is still not at par with the possibilities available, I believe design-thinking innovators will be responsible for creating the future of Internet of Things. 
+
The combination of these technologies will begin to disrupt existing markets that have not yet adapted to the times, which some would argue is much needed. And because innovations come about when new technologies are introduced or when existing technologies are repurposed, I believe the combination of the two can begin to challenge design thinkers to think about different possibilities for the future.
"
If I could do anything at all in life, I think I'd like to make something like OASIS in Ready Player One. I want the freedom to create and entire world and let other's experience it as if it were real which is exactly what VR gives you. Right now I'm working on a small portion of that, I'm building a glove that gives you the sensory feedback of touching virtual objects. Ultimately I think the goal is to go for a 100% inversive experience.
"I am most excited about emerging AR and VR technology. With my background as an immersive storyteller, I am interested in world-building. How are groups of people and communities of ideas organized? In a given place, how many overlapping worlds exist, and how might we enable the vibrancy of these worlds to generate positive change?

On a formal level, I am interested in the ways that narrative can be spatial. Understanding spatial narrative draws upon architecture, game design, storytelling, and exploration. As our technology becomes more immersive and 3D, its interfaces and logics become spatial rather than graphic. How might we harness spatial design to make our interactions with technology more human, emotional, and natural?

Though the future of immersive technology is incredibly exciting, it also brings with it an enormous amount of responsibility. The systems we are immersed within sculpt our patterns of behavior, potentially creating bubbles of isolation or even unethical behavior. I think now it is more important than ever to bring forth an ethics of immersive systems to bare on our design. How might we strike an ethical balance between designed control and emergent participation?"
I'm curious about blockchain's ability to increase both security and transparency. AR/VR become powerful when they become truly portable.
"Augmented and virtual reality are the future of built environment and architecture, there are so many factors to be explored both from the physical side and from the digital, thus I think it is important to not only design the digital to fit the physical but also create physical spaces and make better augmentation possible. 
On the other side, environments not only are designed by us but shaped how we think and behave. An environment that responds to the psychophysiological state of its user has a great potential to help achieve better health and function, in that sense the person becomes a part of internet of things, and ontological design becomes constant reality."
My absolute favorite application of blockchains would have to be its use in the verification process for bitcoin. As a model to construct a sacristy with a digital commodity and create a secure network, it has revolutionized how individuals think about the relationships between processing, time, and currency.  It allows for decentralized systems to be self verifying and effectively generative in distribution which equalizes the market for both consumers and providers.  Artificial intelligence is equally exciting especially when applied to a holistic platform such as neural networks. The amazing potential for computers to work and generate in response to online data and input, is incredible. Images from networks such as deep dream give us incite into how algorithmic processing and computer estimations "thoughts" can manifest as authentic yet artificial responses to the world we live in. 
I dropped everything I was doing including my backpack and the conversations I was having with friends. I stood up in a flash to go catch the Charmander nearby as if my life depended on it. I am currently researching my Sociology Honor’s Thesis about Pokemon GO and social connectivity. Pokemon GO’s location-based nature has changed how people create social ties through technology. Through gathering and analyzing data, I’ve been able to better understand this social relationship. I am curious how and why people connect through augmented reality technology.
I am a big fan of sci-fi and fantasy genres so augmented reality is exciting because it enables incorporation of my wild imaginative inner life, as well as data from the web, with the real world for a more enriched and interactive experience.
"I’m especially interested in the combination of augmented reality and internet of things. I find augmented reality interesting because I believe people in general would feel more comfortable experiencing a virtual world through their tablets or their phones rather than through some goggles or headsets. The possibilities in innovation that such technology can provide have barely been scratched. I like to think of furniture designers being able to design pieces and then having customers use augmented reality to “test” the furniture piece in their homes to see whether they would like to purchase it or not. I also like to think of engineers working on the repair instructions for a hover-car engine; a customer would then “see” that engine in his or her car and be able to fix his or her hover-car. 
+
I’m interested in the Internet of Things because we are a society that seeks convenience, which IoT can begin to provide. I can imagine refrigerators capable of ordering our groceries, shoes that can monitor our weight in order to provide health tips, or even clothes fabric that can become more breathable when temperatures go up. Though I agree with Steve Case when he argues that technology is still not at par with the possibilities available, I believe design-thinking innovators will be responsible for creating the future of Internet of Things. 
+
The combination of these technologies will begin to disrupt existing markets that have not yet adapted to the times, which some would argue is much needed. And because innovations come about when new technologies are introduced or when existing technologies are repurposed, I believe the combination of the two can begin to challenge design thinkers to think about different possibilities for the future.  
"
I am most interested in the internet of things (IoT). While IoT has its place in activities like automation and control, I believe its most powerful use will be the delivery of services in a vast and complex country like India. I think the ability to track, data collection through sensors, and the ability to analyse data are uses of IoT that we are already familiar with. I am excited to explore other ways in which IoT can be used in conjunction with other technologies.
"While all of these areas are fascinating to me, I am most excited by artificial intelligence. While we have seen some of the value of AI already, the technology has the potential to make a much greater impact in many parts of our lives. In particular, I am most excited about its potential impact on natural language processing, in terms of how humans interact with and learn from written and spoken material. 

For example, one of my favorite courses this quarter is Computational Journalism- a 15-person seminar that is half journalists and half computer scientists (and me as the one MBA!). We constantly discuss technology trends and how they are revolutionizing digital storytelling. As a member of the AI sub-group in this class, I have been astounded by the potential impact it could have on journalism. 

How can AI be used to personalize and customize news that is different for every reader? How can chatbots make every news experience into a conversation with an expert? How can AI be used to make comment threads in online news more productive? The opportunities are endless! "
Augmented reality excites me because it can engage humans more deeply and meaningfully with the real world. In January, I got to see first-hand some of the applications as an invited speaker at the “AR in Action” summit hosted at the MIT Media Lab. The dizzying array of applications for AR, across dozens of industries, had one thing in common: making life better, more enjoyable, more productive, and more playful for people. As a designer and artist, I’m excited to think about new applications for this technology, but I think that these investigations would benefit from a process guided by the needs of real people.
It’s difficult to pick just one of these technologies that I’m most excited about, because they all have the potential to create a plethora of positive change within human problems that exist in our world today. In the past, I worked as a health educator for low income inner city and rural populations within the United States and in Bangladesh. Through constant interaction with these populations, I noticed that one of their main issues was a lack of access to healthy options, and to valid information in order to make healthy choices. All of these technologies have the potential to allow for better access for these populations, but specifically artificial intelligence and the internet of things are exciting for this particular issue. Blockchain technology is also very promising as it relates to healthcare data. I’m eager to learn more about all technologies within the makeathon and how they can affect other issues our world faces today. 
It’s difficult to pick just one of these technologies that I’m most excited about, because they all have the potential to create a plethora of positive change within human problems that exist in our world today. In the past, I worked as a health educator for low income inner city and rural populations within the United States and in Bangladesh. Through constant interaction with these populations, I noticed that one of their main issues was a lack of access to healthy options, and to valid information in order to make healthy choices. All of these technologies have the potential to allow for better access for these populations, but specifically artificial intelligence and the internet of things are exciting for this particular issue. Blockchain technology is also very promising as it relates to healthcare data. I’m eager to learn more about all technologies within the makeathon and how they can affect other issues our world faces today. 
These technologies excites me because I have been watching tv shows, like Westworld, Black Mirror, and Mr. Robot. 
Being a graduate student at Carnegie Mellon University, I have been well exposed to all these technologies in detail. I am passionate about understanding the roles of these technologies in the near future. Internet of things in particular has been my topic of research for an academic project and I am still justifying the need for it. Shouldn't technology mean more than just providing shortcuts to tasks we could easily do, even in its absence? I seek to find an answer to this question at Makeathon.
As a designer with a spatial understanding of architecture, construction, landscape architecture, and urban design, I am most excited by the technologies of virtual reality and the internet of things. These two technologies are emblematic of how technology can transform and shape the way we experience cities physically, socially, and culturally. I find that technology can make the world more efficient, more connected, and occasionally, through the constant connection of individuals with handheld devices, more isolated. I am drawn to the design of these technological experiences to ensure that technology is a force which only has a positive impact on connectivity and safety in public and private environments. Through the internet of things, I’m interested in the opportunity for smart technology to not only create energy efficiency in private residences, but for the internet of things to transform the way energy is utilized in urban and regional infrastructure. Lastly, I find technologies which engages our senses and create a phenomenal experience of a place beyond the physical design of the space compelling. For example, the opportunity for virtual reality or app technology to guide us through cities, curate experiences in a designated environment, or create virtual realities projected on the physical world. 
I am especially excited by the power of augmented and virtual reality! While the Internet has allowed us to enter new worlds and networks in two-dimensional space, AR/VR literally presents a whole new dimension for technology to improve our lives, allowing us to take full advantage of our senses and interact with our surroundings in more intuitive ways. I believe that AR/VR will revolutionize future classrooms, homes, and cities by making existing processes more efficient and creating new ones that are tailored to individual users' experiences.
I take a designer/artist’s approach to augmented and virtual reality, A.I. , and IoT: they are tools/mediums that should be carefully considered for the objectives of the task at hand. Of course, it’s fun to explore, but I tend to veer away from using technology for technology’s sake, and am more than willing to pursue an analog solution if I think it’s better. I am, however, most excited by solutions that combine both digital and analog applications, breaking down the perceived barrier between them. This is why I am so drawn to physical computing and the types of immersive experiences these mediums can provide. My life mission is to help revitalize Lakota culture, language, and history, and I believe designing immersive and interactive experiences that promote the ways people learn naturally will be key to success.
I received my undergraduate degree from Yale University studying global affairs and experimental approaches to impact evaluation. I then worked as a sustainability strategist and analyst working to help Fortune 200-level companies use their scale to drive positive impacts through their core business practices. I believe very deeply in the power of smart analysis to bring about positive insight, improved decision making and better human experiences. This is why with one of my first projects at RISD I challenged myself to make a machine learning algorithm to collect EEG data and use it to reconstruct video based on the users past data. I wanted to create a low fidelity representation of the creative power of a future where realities can be constructed and shared based on smart analysis of existing data. My desire to share that interest with others lead me to teaching a course of my own design called "Data Object" in the Digital and Media department at RISD. I lead 15 RISD and Brown undergraduates and graduates as they explored the use of large data sets as a material and programming as a tool for manipulating that material. The trajectory of IoT, AI and AR/VR will be intertwined and the outcomes have the opportunity to bring people together with kinds and qualities of empathy  and understanding that we have never seen before. 
I want to talk some about virtual reality, I was enlightened by Oliver Grau’s book ”Virtual Art” which define virtual from nature art instead of technology. It gives me a lot of inspirations. From panorama to VR, the core concept of Virtual is still the same: immersion, which means we still use distance and scale to create illusion, then create the immersion. From body immersion to mental immersion, the space concept becomes obscure and the audience role starts to change, from watching into participated, which I think is the crucial part of VR. Because of we could let user participate in the plot we made through VR, we have the possibility to“control”(influence) the emotion of them. And this gives VR boundless possibility， maybe exist as a way of communication medium，or create a new of art piece protection. However, it is also dangerous, for that it has the power to control individual’s mind, it could exist as a politics communication, we should treat it in a critical way.
"
AR/VR and IoT: I believe that we can derisk and standardize high risk procedures through a  combination of AR-guided content and IoT devices. One example is we can further reduce the probability of error in airplane maintenance procedures through AR-guided instruction for the crew connected with IoT checkpoints within the plane. Another example would be to enhance doctors ability to perform delicate medical procedures such a surgeries that require high precision through real-time modeling and guidance with AR.

AI: It will change what we do vs. what we get computers to do for us. Artificial intelligence will enhance productivity in the shorter term and create opportunities for new technology breakthroughs that were previously impossible. 

Blockchain: I’m passionate about blockchain applications in healthcare. One reason we have faced challenges in creating a universal health record is that current storage and security standards are inadequate, as we have seen from increasing number of hacks and data ransom attacks against hospitals. I believe that we can create a blockchain-based health record of truth that does provide adequate security protection, with in input from patients, hospitals, wearables, and in the future, even gene sequencing results. 
"
I am excited about Augmented Reality and IoT for several reasons; my main fascination with AR is for the possibility it has to be used as therapy for people with PTSD and those in need of physical rehabilitation. IoT interests me because of its potential to create more inclusive spaces- more caring homes, more connected families- and to help us look after those vulnerable to loneliness, forgetfulness, and a diminished lifestyle in old age. 
"I am excited by blockchain, VR, and the internet of things because to me, they all represent novel ways for users to interact with and extract meaning from information. As such, each technology presents both new design opportunities and new nuances and challenges to take into account. 

Just as the Internet democratized access to information, I believe blockchain has the potential to democratize access to assets of value, placing a long-overdue cap on the monopoly of centralized financial power. This in turn will open the opportunity for more fair transactions and more financial mobility. But on the flip side, just as easily accessible Internet information has shown potential to misguide people and cause social rifts, blockchain’s democratization of assets may carry their own unforeseen consequences as well. 

Among its many applications, virtual reality’s most unique and compelling value for me is as an empathy platform. Never before have we had such immersive technology that transports users to a different world and allows them to forget about themselves. I firmly believe that leveraging VR to literally put people in others’ shoes would go a long way in sparking change on often suppressed topics. On the flip side, I think VR also presents a slippery slope of shutting out the real world. We already have seen difficulty differentiating the current cyber and real worlds – a problem that will only be compounded by careless distribution of VR content. 

Finally, the Internet of Things paradigm presents an exciting opportunity to break through the 2D computer screen and incorporate “intelligence” into our environments. However, IoT also presents tough problems in cybersecurity and design – how can IoT devices walk the fine line between being helpful enough and maintaining users’ sense or privacy?

Because all of these technologies are still in their nascent stages, I am excited by both their enormous potential and the opportunity for me to shape their future trajectories and guard against the unintended."
Although these emerging technologies are innovative and original, they are also in a way… obvious. They represent milestones in our aspirations to be more democratic, connected, productive, and creative. Blockchains enable the practical and moral need to decentralize certain kinds of databases, like medical records, transactions, or even votes. The internet of things is a continuation of the internet itself, making our world more efficient by making it more connected. Artificial intelligence is the culmination of our ability to build tools that enhance our capabilities, and it’s bound to become indispensable. Virtual reality, I find to be the most fascinating. It is the inevitable result of our deeply rooted desire to be transported. I am in constant awe of our ability to create entire worlds in our heads. We have always striven to connect with people, and to offer clearer glimpses of our minds. With music, literature, and film, we’ve gotten closer to experiencing the otherworldly creations of other people’s imaginations. Now, with virtual reality, we can literally step into somebody else’s head. It is the ultimate expression of the human imagination. It’s implications for art, education, and communication are unprecedented, and I am very excited to be alive to be a part of it.
"I would be thrilled to work with any of these programs and try my best to familiarize myself with all of the above. I’m definitely more of a visual learner so I’d like to bring that onto the table and help with the technological ideas.
"
Technology inhabits a wonderful space of convergence between the arts and sciences. I’ve long been fascinated by this reciprocal union, and the opportunities it creates. Augmented or mixed reality interests me because of its capacity to integrate real world sensorial or tangible information with the world of the imagined and projective. I like that augmented reality can give glimpses into the invisible, yet stays grounded in the actual. I see potential for immersive applications in nearly every vocation- I daydream about hard hats for construction workers or surveyors with built-in interactive layers of geological or assembly information, headsets for guests at historic sites that display past and future variations of the same place, or panels which overlay data onto patients to assist doctors in diagnosing conditions.
I enjoy studying blockchains and internet of things as they break the boundary that seems hard to change, such as identity recognition and man-free services. The break of boundary change human behavior fundamentally and will form new behaviors that lead to new business opportunities. I once brainstormed with my company's team for Alibaba for IoT in next 20 years. We foresaw the consumer behaviors will be completely changed as the industry landscape, infrastructure, and interaction media will be reshaped. What's more interesting is that our brainstorming envision led to a global discussion within BCG, which probably became the discussing materials for various industries globally. In that sense, we are creating the future unintentionally. I was amazed by that idea and would love to further dig in how new IoT will in turn change the technology itself.
"The new technological platforms that are emerging is very exciting, but what excites me more is their ability to challenge our interaction of technology. Most people understand that a computer has a screen and is run on an operating system; and its purpose is to assist our needs. But who says that our interaction with technology is limited to just this one case. With the new VR platform, the whole understanding of “screen” is questioned. Technology no longer just provides information or display pictures but enables experiences that often cannot be replicated in reality. For example, using VR as the platform, I designed a space of meditation by researching a variety of meditative techniques. The purpose of the space is to provide an escape to those struggling with anxiety or restlessness; such experience could have not been achieved before. These new technological platforms have opened up an endless amount of opportunities that, I must say, is quite exciting. 
"
IoT is the ability for things that contain embedded technologies to sense, communicate, interact, and collaborate with other things, thus creating a network of physical objects. It opens new opportunity to monetize value added service around product usage, and I believe it will make our world better.
Augemented and virtual reality excites me because it is a gateway to new experiences that were previously not possible. It has the potential to enable people with disabilities to have experiences that they never would be able to otherwise. I believe technology is best used when it is empowering people and virtual reality can do just that. Also, for everyone in general, virtual reality allows people to have different experiences that may change their perspective.
"I still remember that feeling of awe and inspiration when I first watched Pranav Mistry’s TED talk on “the thrilling potential of Sixth Sense technology”. Since, I haven’t been able to get the idea out of my head — the concept of seamlessly integrating technology with everyday gestures to create an experience in which technology was used as an extension of the human being.

Over the past decade, technology has become  increasingly ingrained  in our daily lives — it has evolved the way we interact with the world around us, both physical and digital. From smartphones to smart homes, we are encapsulated by technology.

Technologies like Magic Leap are breathing life into our childhood fantasies. We’re running around catching monsters we can fit in our pockets, building 3D models using only gestures, and being told to breathe by our watches because apparently we are stressed. We are now living in a world where, in less than 15 minutes, machines can provide you with a more accurate analysis and effective treatment plan than experienced doctors.

We now have the ability, and therefore in my mind the responsibility, to use these world-altering technologies to help shape a brighter future for all. What makes these times infinitely more exciting, is the fact that we are on the forefront of evolving societal systems that are in dire need of an upgrade. "
Artificial intelligence. If abstraction is crucial to good programming, that artificial intelligence is the ultimate abstraction of the inconveniences and imperfections of reality. I believe that AI is the future of the world - that one day, they will set us free to pursue the things that really matter to us. AI is a huge and growing field today, and I'm convinced it has huge potential for further growth.
"In an increasingly interconnected world, the internet of things is a potent player in the future of urban development. Having lived in New York City for most of my life, I have a vested interest in the future of urban development. Cities are dynamic, kinetic, and ever-changing; they constantly need to adapt to changing times and emerging needs. The internet of things lays the foundation for us to make smarter and more sustainable cities. 
The IoT offers the opportunity to introduce interfaces, sensors, and devices into existing city infrastructure. I am most interested in the applications of the IoT so that services can become more efficient and effective while reducing waste. The future of an integrated, wired city spans every corner of urban life: we can track waste management and water supplies, monitor traffic flows and emergency response rates, or even increase civilian engagement and local access to resources. The IoT strengthens the relationship between city and citizen."
"As a designer and technologist, I am fascinated by all of the CoLab’s core technologies — but I am particularly excited by the potential for artificial intelligence and the internet of things to jointly create responsive environments and promote social justice.

I believe the combination of these technologies will reshape how we interact with the world and each other. As a teaching fellow for Harvard’s undergraduate Engineering Problem Solving and Design Project course focusing on accessibility, I have seen how the incorporation of spatial data and AI can empower persons with sensory impairment. In the Responsive Communities Lab at Harvard Law School, I have studied how towns and cities are applying environmental sensors and machine learning to bridge the digital divide and improve access to essential services for the underserved. Within my year-long collaborative studio investigating food systems, I have explored how smarter digital assistants could provide dignity and create equality for those who speak different languages or face complex hardship. Designing systems and services that better understand people and the environments around them suggest a whole new class of applications that can move from the digital to the physical.

Within the CoLab’s research areas, I can envision applications for AI and IoT that will reshape food, energy and transportation. Better environmental sensors and sophisticated analysis techniques can optimize agriculture and provide consumers with an honest understanding of the source of their food; smarter energy grids built on sustainable technology can improve resilience and disaster preparedness; AI-driven vehicles will require new models of ownership and distribution of transportation. I want to help prototype how new technology will transform these areas.  

My own long-term research interests focus on how improved artificial intelligence and distributed sensor networks will transform the interface between humans and computers. I believe good ideas, bold design and a few smart prototypes can transform these incredible technologies into believable futures."
"I am excited by all of these technologies and the possibilities to come from them; however, augmented and virtual reality are what I've had the most experience in and what excite me the most. 

The one thing that really excites me with AR/VR a brand new interaction paradigm. Most of us are familiar with how to navigate a smartphone app we can do actions such as tap, hard press, and swipe. Similarly, designers are are familiar with what users are used to doing. However, people are still navigating what the best practices are for the immersive environments AR/VR puts us in. Are gestures the way to go? How about gaze-based selection? Will controllers such as the ones that come with the Google Daydream become most popular? Will moving this button up a few degrees make it better? A lot of this, I feel, is still up in the air. Figuring out what these interactions are is what I want to help do."
I'm very intrigued by artificial intelligence.  Its continued development opens great opportunities I believe both for good and not so good.  I believe if done right it can be a very powerful thing, but as a human-centered designer I also wonder about the human side of AI.  How will AI effect our work forces?  How will we use AI to empower people instead of simply obsolete them?  How can people and AI machines work together?  To me, it's a fascinating future full of complex possibilities!
Having led technology focused design of some of PayPal's next gen products and having explored  DLT, AR, AI & IoT first hand during my course, I feel these technologies can have significant positive socio-economic impact on a global scale. Here are some of my explorations that have and continue to excite me: Exploring the use of Private Distributed Ledger Technology to help Board of Equalization, CA to collect Taxes for the sale of Cannabis where transactions are mostly done via cash and difficult to account or use of predictive analytics & AI to build a FitBit for Financial Health for the 138 million americans who  struggle with establishing a cushion for financial resilience or using a combination of AR/IoT/AI/Crowd Sourcing to create a time & money saving everyday shopping trip that helps 67% of americans who live hand-to-mouth and often end up spending their family time traveling to multiple stores to stay within budget
AR/VR, AI and IoT are all things that are very exciting to me because I feel that they unlock so many more possibilities. IoT and AI, specifically are things that I find interesting because it's opened up (and still will) so much data that, until this point, we haven't been able to access. It's made things more efficient and is allowing us to focus and do more everyday.
I'm currently working on a team that's creating a multiplayer game for the Hololens called A Slime in Time, and I'm managing usability testing and marketing there. From what I've learned while working on the team, AR tends to largely be overshadowed by VR; but has incredible applications beyond gaming in education. AR is not only a new way to connect with business and individuals, it's really another way of learning. Developers have already found applications for educational AR in driving, cooking, assembly and repair, and without trying to sound like an informercial-- so much more. There are so many cases when instructions over the phone or notes from class don't translate, and AR would be so much more helpful to literally be able to see a concept from every angle. 
"Blockchains is one technology that highly interests me. I became interested in the idea of blockchains in graduate school when I was working on developing a technology that is capable of tracing cell lineages. In brief, we were trying to develop a system that would enable a cell to add unique DNA barcodes each time a cell divided. By analyzing the series of unique barcodes after several cell divisions, we would be able to learn the ancestry of that cell. To develop this tool, I learned about how blockchains are utilized to study various interactions in different disciplines. 

I would like to dig deeper and discover the limits of this technology and learn how we can maximize the data we can mine from this type of system. Although the blockchain system I worked with in graduate schools differs from the system that IDEO works on, I believe that I will be able to contribute to the team by bringing different ideas or insights about the system. "
"This morning I woke up after snoozing three more times than I should have. I forgot to calibrate my sleep app correctly last night, so I woke up a little off. To jump start my day, my phone gave me a play by play of Steph Curry’s game winning shot last night. Feeling better I  stepped into my car, and Chance’s new album started coming out the speakers as I drove to school. Once I finished my work for the day, I threw on my VR glasses just in time to see Steph Curry splash a three pointer as I sat courtside. Eventually, I headed home and slid into my bed that night, the mattress tilted slightly left to fix my sleep cycle while sunk into my mattress.

I believe that experience could be as close as tomorrow. Good technology, similar to good design, is seamless. By leveraging the Internet of Things to improve our day to day interactions, I believe that we can get to a more personal, human experience."
"I believe that designing for impact relies on our ability to adopt and evolve with emerging technologies. 

1 million computers are purchased daily. What will it look like when 1 million virtual reality and augmented reality devices are purchased daily? 

I see a World in which education is tangible: A student builds a model bridge out of toothpicks and a popup tells them that their bridge can support 1000 times its weight. 

I see a World in which promoting sustainable lifestyles is global: A shared urban farming network, which shows predicted harvest dates, nutrition facts, and potential recipes.

I see a World in which designers collaborate across the globe: A designer in San Francisco attends an interview with a co-worker in South Africa. Afterwards they synthesize on the same board, using post-its that can be moved, while over 10,000 miles away.

These are the types of opportunities that get me excited about the future. The best part, is that we are not that far from turning these dreams into reality.

“Make the familiar strange and the strange familiar.”

On March 4th, with open minds and ambitious goals, we can start paving the road to a more intelligent, connected, and sustainable future.
"
They're all exciting, but AI is what will bring our species to ascension or extinction. I'd love to play a part in making sure that it's the former.
internet of things 
Artificial intelligence will change the way that we interact with the objects that surround us. Well attuned human-computer interaction and subtle design of the robots’ features and communication modes are exciting new ways for designers to help create objects that are adopted into our homes. Designers are on the front lines of establishing what types of relationships we will have with these new technologies. Machine learning will one day result in objects that we have a much more intimate connection with, as robots learn to anticipate our needs and help inform our moves. How do we ease the tension that consumers feel around artificial intelligence? How do we make both machines and humans patient with one another? What does all of this look like? The unknown of these objects of the future is intoxicating as a designer and to be perched at a moment when these technologies are being integrated into consumer products is thrilling.  
"I’m super excited about designing experience in the virtual reality. I used to work as a developer(Unity C#) for a company in Japan that makes unique VR games. From first hand experience I know that you can literally design “Experiences” in the 3D world. I believe the real potential of VR lies in designing experiences in areas such as hospitals and elderly care settings where people tend to do “nothing”.
"
IoT fascinates me. I found and operate an IoT startup that builds smart surfaces, with the flagship product being a smart mirror designed for the everyday consumer (www.perseusmirrors.com). With the maturation of the smart home industry and with the development of smart cities (and even smart nations!), ecosystems that simplify everyday lives are now a reality. What are the greenfield opportunities where next-generation personal technology meets the Internet of Things? What lies beyond the Amazon’s Alexa and Google’s Nest in accessing consumers’ mindshare in the home? How do central smart hubs interact with technologies such as AR, VR, and autonomous vehicles? These are questions that keep me up at night. I am very excited about the future of IoT and the possibilities it brings!
Internet of Things is something that fascinates me, it's possibilities are endless and I intend to explore the area further for business opportunities. 
"With the emerging technologies we are facing a new paradigm that is changing the world as we know it, and it's also changing the way we solve problems. We need to be ready to approach this new reality, limits and constraints to elaborate solutions according these new standards. 
 
Big Data and our hyperconnected world has able to use information as a new resource to create greater value.  I believe the IoT is the next closest step to democratize information and exploit it as a key driver for the development of new ideas.  What more excited me is the opportunity that we have in front of us were we can imagine a world were most of our goods will be shared and smart, with less intermediaries, were we will own less but we will experience. One of my wishes as a child was to see come true the tele transportation and thinking about VR technology now we can experience a similar ""parallel"" reality. 
I have been reading and researching about these technologies and I'm very curious to see and be part of the development of these and to exploit it to their limits to create the greatest solutions. "
I find artificial intelligence exciting because it is an emerging technology. AI will revolutionize technology in the 21st century as the computer did in the 20th century. 
While at CMU, I’ve had the opportunity to work on a few projects that revolved around VR/AR and IoT. I'm currently working on a project for Microsoft that involves imagining the future of Mixed Reality. These are really exciting areas to explore as an interaction designer. We're being challenged to design entirely new interaction paradigms  and to make these technologies accessible and usable by the vast majority of people. I’d be excited to continue this exploration at the CoLab makeathon.
I am inspired by the immersive power of virtual reality as a way to build empathy and experiential knowledge necessary for human-centered design. As an educator serving low-income students who are often limited in their ability to travel and access broader sources of information and experience, I'm driven to find ways to broaden their worlds and engage them across boundaries of space and time. I believe this same opportunity exists for many groups with the potential to reduce isolation and divisions which appear to be accelerating rapidly both nationally and internationally.
AI is a strong interest of mine. Although my background is in Mechanical Engineering, understanding the potential implications of AI on many domains does not require a computer science degree. I am interested in AI because of its ability to redefine the way we approach the solution(s) to any type of problem. The ability for AI algorithms to optimize problems and use neural networks and many other techniques to solve problems such as computer vision, computational fluid dynamics, self driving cars, health care diagnosis, and much more is awe inspiring. I believe AI can be applied to a vast majority of problems, including those that seem inapplicable at first, but by approaching the problem definition from a different perspective we can see its applicability. 
"Artificial intelligence has enormous applications for government. Take healthcare as an example. It’s expected that later this year, researchers will be able to produce a smartphone app that, supported by artificial intelligence and machine learning in the cloud, can diagnose patients with a higher success rate than the average qualified doctor. Think what that could mean for government healthcare - especially in rural areas and in emerging markets where doctors are scarce – better, cheaper, more accessible healthcare for millions. To me, that’s immensely exciting! Financial inclusion is another passion of mine - and blockchain has huge potential to accelerate this. First, blockchain can make it easier and cheaper to verify identity (so that people can open accounts remotely without needing to visit a branch). Second, it can enable people to make cross-border payments in real time, at a fraction of today’s cost. The combination of these two applications could help millions more people to access the formal financial sector, with all the benefits and safeguards that brings.  
"
"From a young age I've been fascinated by technology; a curiosity that translated into a passion for videogames and robotics.  The games were a form of expanding my physical world and a way to overcome my shyness and develop my social network. But they also offered challenges of increasing complexity that I could push myself to overcome.  This constant search for improvement led me to seek more complex games and with that came the dream of playing a VR game to be completely emerged in the experience. Furthermore, the dream required the existence of an advanced AI, that could step up the challenge.  As I became a teenager, this dream overflowed into the physical world and I began exploring robotics. For example, ""Lego"" robots with simple computers that could perform simple tasks became an obsession.

Life drifted me away from these childhood passions. However, I always jumped at the opportunity of dealing with this world. During a consulting project at a textile industry I discovered an IoT driven wetting machine and convinced the client to buy it. The result was a considerable reduction in costs and water waste in comparison to his labor intensive traditional process. Now, as I decided to take a different path in my career and explored new opportunities, working with AR/VR, AI and IoT has once again sparked my passion for the possibilities these technologies are about to unfold in the world. This is the chance to see my dream finally coming true not only in games, but to cause significant impact on all our lives. More than that, it is a chance to help build it!"
"Among emerging technologies, I am particularly interested in the internet of things. Although people increasingly interact with digital screens, physical objects are still incredibly important in everyday life. I’m interested in how these physical objects can be used as an interface for technology, and allow us to live better and more intelligently.

I realized how much potential there was behind the internet of things during my first hackathon, which had a theme of sustainability. My team created an app that would allow you to control your smart home remotely, and easily change your energy consumption habits. We designed a social feature called ‘Flash Mob’, which leverages the idea of collective change. A ‘flash mob’ was a short-term event that asked users to act on a simple goal, such as turning off a space heater for ten minutes. A notification tells the user that the flash mob is happening, which of your friends are also participating, and how much energy could be saved if X number of people all acted on the simple goal together. A dashboard shows in real time how many people are participating and the environmental impact they are all having together. This is meaningful because one person who performs a simple act may not feel they are having a large environmental impact, but if they can see the effect they are having as part of a group, they will be more willing to change their actions.

By using the internet of things, our app would allow people to a) quickly and easily control their energy consumption through their phone, and b) understand the greater impact of those changes. It fascinated me to think beyond the simple convenience of smart homes to the broader societal impact the technology could have.

(Case study on this app can be seen here: http://natsukosuzuki.com/susen-a-tool-for-more-sustainable-living)"
"I am extremely excited and passionate about the internet of things. I believe it is a particularly interesting space with much potential, but currently many unrealized opportunities and no clear leaders or market strategies. I am intrigued by this sector for three main reasons:

The potential for real world applications: The applications for internet connected products are endless on both the business and consumer side. From managing environments in large skyscrapers, to connected vehicles, to connected thermostats in the home, there are areas of opportunity that will be able to affect and aid millions of consumers and businesses to lead their lives more efficiently and smartly.

Ability to leverage data: The biggest benefit of IoT devices is the wealth of data that they collect and the ability of companies to analyze the data to make faster and better decisions. They can build more detailed and accurate user profiles in order to feed into machine learning algorithms and have devices make smarter decisions. In addition, the data allows companies to shape these products for an ideal user experience.  

Remote access to hardware: The internet is powerful tool that allows people to stay connected to their home and businesses from anywhere in the world. IoT devices are the next generation of hardware. Instead of leaving your device behind when you are not physically present at a location, you are now able to remotely control devices and obtain relevant and important information on a real-time, immediate basis."
I am particularly interested in the role that artificial intelligence, virtual reality and the internet of things will play in our near futures. This past semester, I have completed design speculation work that explores a future blend of artificial intelligence and virtual reality. My current work/research is about creating environmental prosthetics that focus on discovering and creating new experiences that use nature as an interface - a push of the limits of biophilic design and internet of things. It would be great to work on these topics with other young designers to get a sense of how they interpret and visualize their role. How we connect in the future (via VR, AR, AI or IOT) is super critical currently and I am excited to be a part of that conversation.
"As a street artist, the idea of virtual reality fascinates me. What if I could take a picture of a wall and with an app I could ""paint"" a wall and show my client what the wall will look like through VR glasses? I could even ""walk"" around the block in Sao Paolo and plan for a mural... from Nepal! 

As an entrepreneur, I see VR could be such an advantage to a company. From being able to train staff to testing new hires on their abilities in various simulated situations. What if there was a VR app that could even give you a sense of pressure and not just touch? 

As an educator, VR could help children learn and ""visit"" worlds while still being at their homes from test taking to attending classrooms and even gaining 21st century skills more easily. 
"
"I still remember that feeling of awe and inspiration when I first watched Pranav Mistry’s TED talk on “the thrilling potential of Sixth Sense technology”. Since, I haven’t been able to get the idea out of my head — the concept of seamlessly integrating technology with everyday gestures to create an experience in which technology was used as an extension of the human being.

Over the past decade, technology has become  increasingly ingrained  in our daily lives — it has evolved the way we interact with the world around us, both physical and digital. From smartphones to smart homes, we are encapsulated by technology.

Technologies like Magic Leap are breathing life into our childhood fantasies. We’re running around catching monsters we can fit in our pockets, building 3D models using only gestures, and being told to breathe by our watches because apparently we are stressed. We are now living in a world where, in less than 15 minutes, machines can provide you with a more accurate analysis and effective treatment plan than experienced doctors.

We now have the ability, and therefore in my mind the responsibility, to use these world-altering technologies to help shape a brighter future for all. What makes these times infinitely more exciting, is the fact that we are on the forefront of evolving societal systems that are in dire need of an upgrade. "
"We are now living in a world where data is nearly limitless (and still rapidly increasing) - not only the amount of data that is available, but also the ways to cultivate data. How data becomes integrated, connected, and applied makes artificial intelligence an exciting field to study. From medical diagnostics/prediction/prevention, language and speech recognition, to building an artificial neural network, AI can inform lifestyle choices (mindful eating/dieting, evidence-based medical treatment) and determine heuristics for scenarios such as game-playing (whether specific, like chess, or generalized game playing). 

Although what fascinates me are the applications and outcomes, as I like to think about big picture ideas to drive and motivate research and design, I am also interested in gaining a more hands-on understanding of how to intricately design implementations which will someday lead to novel solutions. Although I have not had any direct experience with artificial intelligence (yet, will be taking classes next year), I am currently taking an object-oriented programming class where one of our projects was to implement Tetris as well as allow for the modification of the gameplay to include different artificial ""brains"" to solve Tetris. Even though I've spent my entire life trying to perfect the tetris marathon, a mere few hundred lines of code simply managed to overturn my ability. Artificial intelligence can be used not only as a predictive or computational measure but also an agent to reduce error and risk in already defined systems/environments. "
VR/AR and IoT absolutely excites me! My dream is that technology will advance to a point where interacting with digital and virtual environment will be as natural as real physical environments, and VR/AR and IoT technologies have shown a blend of the real and digital/virtual. I am very hopeful of their potentials to make people's lives easier and more enriched, and am extremely excited to be working with those forefront technologies.
"Good design does more than just provide efficiency and aesthetic appeal. Good design changes infrastructure. I am continuously fascinated by VR and pervasive computing as both fields provide boundless potential to change how we communicate with others in our day to day lives. For me VR serves as a method to break through barriers of distance and language. I am curious as to how conversations through virtual reality can help visualize and communicate ideas be it through collectively prototyping products, visualizing a building or structure in a separate environment, or providing visual and haptic experiences that can help entertain, inform, or rehabilitate others. 
Pervasive Computing, or the internet of things, also serves to enhance daily communications but on a more individual basis. I am interested in exploring how smart technologies and interconnected devices can extend our awareness of not only our conscious needs, but our subconscious ones as well. How can interconnected devices make it easier to monitor the health of loved ones, provide immediate access and support networks for mental health issues, or create homes and buildings that are more in tune with the natural environment.? Such topics have incredible potential for growth through pervasive computing in an manner that instills trust in technology, as well as the  comprehension to use it effectively and efficiently."
Augmented and virtual reality is incredibly exciting to me. I have two grandmothers who live in Iran, and are unable to make the 30 hour journey to the United States due to their old age. My brother got married this past year, and my grandmothers couldn’t make it, which completely broke my heart. In the age of normalized virtual reality, my grandmothers will be able to see beyond the boundaries age places on their capabilities. I hope to be married myself soon, and have my grandmothers use this technology to feel as if they are right there by my side watching me on the best day of my life. Virtual reality can do this and so much more to bring people from all over the world closer together, and I hope to be an integral part of that transformation.
My main interest lays on VR/AR technologies. It was my first time VR game experience from 2 years ago that made me interested in VR/AR. I'm not addictive to games and can hardly understand the charm of video games, but the immersive experience that VR game provided me really freaked me out(as it's a zombie shooting game) and made me wanna play it over and over again. It was the first time that I felt my senses were all wide open in a virtual world. It's so appealing to me to see how we can play with human senses in a more multi-dimensional way. Apart from the wide applications in game and storytelling, I see VR/AR could be used in broader scope like transportation, therapy, education, food industry etc. Meanwhile, I've been always thinking about why people need mixed realities when we are living in a real reality ourselves. When we are more obsessed with virtual world instead of our physical world, to where this technology would lead us? These conflicts and uncertainties make VR/AR even more exciting to me.
"Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the internet of things (IoT) have a great potential to fundamentally shape our lives in the future. I'm particularly excited about these two because in spite of all the (justified) hype there hasn't been a killer use case yet. It's a great example of how hard it is to design a truly great product that will appeal to the mass market and not just to technologists.

 Following the general idea of making objects and appliances ""smart"" we have only seen a few successful  products yet. In my opinion the Nest thermostat and Amazon Echo are two good examples that succeeded because they were able to hide the complexity of these technologies and created a ""single button"" solution for a well defined use case. 

I see an analogy to the internet here: One of the early success stories of the internet has been e-mail. Although this specific use case might appear quite banal (it's simply electronic mail) it continues to be a very significant application today, 46 years since its introduction. 

This leaves us to wonder what applications for AI and IoT will look like in 46 years?"
I found the area of UI/UX is extremely fascinating! With novel technologies coming out, engineers, designers, and all kinds of people get to build a better world for humans through new products. I am captivated by all kinds of new technologies, especially those aiming for environmental analysis, such as the climatic table. Although I do not actually know how to code or the mechanism behind all the technologies, I cannot live without them. Hopefully through experiencing more in the future, I can practically get to know the knowledge behind the techs. 
I am really excited and intrigued by the development of augmented and virtual reality. When augmented and virtual reality began to be introduced to the world, I naively viewed them as simply add ons to video games. More recently I have come to realize the incredible potential these technologies have. One example is a company I learned of that is using virtual reality to take elderly people who are no longer fit to travel all around the world by allowing them to experience new places. I think augmented and virtual reality has the ability to transform the shopping experience by being able to virtually try on an outfit and see how it looks on you from all angles. I think it has the potential to alter children’s learning experiences by taking students back in time to different settings for history class or have them explore the Great Barrier Reef when learning about eco-systems and environmental science. As a visual learner myself, I am very excited by the countless ways augmented and virtual reality will shape and alter the world in the near future. 
"The possibilities of the application of the internet of things in an industrial context excites me. New technologies have transformed manufacturing over time, from mass production to robotics. However, the potential for sensors and cloud based platforms to create fully connected factories of the future could have game changing effects on productivity and efficiency. 

In addition, industrial IOT could actually act as a convergence point for other emerging technologies. The data collected from IOT networks can be processed by AI and applied toward optimizing processes. Augmented reality could help skilled labor perform tasks faster and with greater quality. Blockchain technology could be used to secure data for sensitive industries such as Nuclear Power plants. 

Industrial internet of things, combined with other emerging technologies, has the potential to bring about the next industrial revolution and change the world as we know it."
My passion for technology has been the driving force behind (almost) everything I have accomplished thus far in life. Ever since I was a kid, I knew I wanted to be an engineer so that I could work on all things technology related. Having worked at Apple and Google as a software engineer, I am innately familiar with the impact that technology has on people’s lives. For instance, I never realized that my work on FaceTime and iMessage will change the way I talk to my parents in Canada forever! Not only that, I learned how augmented reality and artificial intelligence can be combined to break communication barriers through my work on Google Translate. These experiences have shown me how technology can empower people the world over to live better lives. This is the reason I continue to be excited about the prospect of new technologies and the revolution(s) they might bring.
As mentioned before, I'm really excited about bringing virtual reality and artificial intelligence to the legal system. VR can become an accessible navigational tool to guide users through their legal journey or act as a tutorial to help prepare emotionally exhausted court users to be ready for their court date.  Currently, my team has identified that court users seek to have a sense of control. However, they also feel that the court and self-help system is not on their side and feel that the who system is created for attorneys and not for them. I think artificial intelligence can be the bridge between these two user groups to put control back into the user's hand as well as serve as a third-party advice center for users dealing with extremely personal issues such as divorce, domestic violence, and more. 
In many ways, smartphones already function as prosthetic devices that augment our human senses and abilities, whether that's our memory, our vision, our sense of direction, our sense of time, and so on. I'm excited about the potential for new visual, audio, and haptic augmented reality techniques to continue this trend in ways that extend our humanity, and allow us to live safer, healthier, more productive, and more sustainable lives.
"During a hackathon earlier this year, I was working on making drug information more accessible to low literacy populations and suddenly realised how powerful AR could be for educational purposes. It can bring information to bear so quickly and intuitively that people learn without realising. In this case, it could make learning drug information easier and far more enjoyable, becoming a seamless part of a healthcare experience.

I'm also very interested in the opportunities for AI as a decision maker. Much of my current design work is rooted in Behavioural Economics, looking at the ways that design can counter predictable human fallacies. I see great potential for AI to be the best possible help, second guessing our innate ability to do stupid things and guiding us the be the best versions of ourselves."
I am really interested in IOT. I really believe that we should be making today to encourage making tomorrow, and with the opportunity to make no matter what your background is education-wise, financially, etc. The time that we live in right now is really exciting because we have all of these cheap electronics, MOOCs, and materials to start making things on our own, so there shouldn't be a limit to how creative we want to get and what we want to build.
I have seen, first-hand how companies like Rendever, a startup out of MIT Delta V's accelerator that leverages VR technology, can positively impact the lives of the elderly and their families. I am also familiar with an MIT company called Jibo, which is a family robot that leverages AI and the internet-of-things to be a storyteller, an assistant, a photographer, and so much more. To see people and technology become more alive and experience life more fully, together with one another is incredibly exciting and something I wish to be a part of.
"I'm excited about VR, AR, and IoT, because they dramatically change the way people interact with computers or products connected to computers. I’m keen on taking advantage of these technologies to solve problems in real life and create better user experiences for peoples.
VR brings users into an unprecedented immersive virtual world while AR enhances users’ perception of the real world around. And IoT makes the products smarter and makes people’s lives easier.
"
I'm super stoked about the potential of IoT to take any every day object and turn it into a "smart" tool that has access to vast data and access of the internet (I'm also excited to solve the security challenges that come with that). Living and working in buildings that have IoT networks will literally be like living on the Star Trek Enterprise. If we can finesse the user experience and work out the kinks in connection and security, then we will be living in that wondrous future that we've seen so many times in movies and sci-fi books!!
"I am extremely fascinated with artificial intelligence (proof: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4PatQoilnY) and its implications for society. While the actual technology behind machine-learning type artificial intelligence is ingenious and deserves plenty of thought, the implications of how it is implemented in real life are huge. AI is such a powerful tool, but only if it stands on a solid foundation. For example I think about how AI powered-recommendation engines (such as targeted “trending content” on social media) shifts our perception of the world, and how that could be harnessed to educate and empower people rather than confirm biases and isolate. The ethical implications of using crime-prediction algorithms (a la Minority Report, which is being researched) also interests me, and I wonder how things like that or other things, like AI generated suspect sketches, can be used in a safe manner.  I also think often about how to balance innovation in artificial intelligence with creating jobs for humans, as many jobs (truck drivers, warehouse handlers, etc), are replaced with computer systems. 

I also am excited about the Internet of Things and how it has the potential to tie together so many processes and bring them into the future. The obvious challenge is that any one attempt to tie everything together only adds to the complication (https://xkcd.com/927/). Using technology for technology’s sake isn’t solving problems, it’s creating them. I am excited about what an unexplored area it is because there is a clear need for a unified, simple, and most importantly, secure approach to the internet of things.
"
"In particular I'm excited about IOT and AI. I've spent a lot of time researching neurobiology and the brain, but lately this has converged with the leaps and bounds being made in machine learning -- development in either domain helps the other, and the practical applications of ML to make computers more useful is huge, to say nothing of future possibilities with greater neuro-understanding.

IOT is also exciting because sensor and computing ubiquity presents fascinating new opportunities that everyone is just starting to see. Every sector of the economy can benefit from better data, which is exactly what IOT brings to the table. Plus, arduino and pi prototyping is immensely fun!"
During the summer of 2014, I interned for Qualcomm’s augmented reality division, Vuforia. This experience sparked my interest in VR and AR, which is paving the way for a new type of learning experience, from facilitating better medical training to revolutionizing furniture shopping. I have kept up with the industry since my internship. I am also very interested in the Internet of Things, as it has the potential to transform traditional goods and innovations. Recently, I discovered Philippe Starck’s work with Netamo and was inspired by its bold design, which not only serves to transform a thermostat and radiator valve into a beautiful addition to a household, but also conserves electricity and creates a simpler way to manage temperature. This project inspired me to redesign a Roomba in order for it to shed its association with dirt and become beautiful enough to enhance a room, rather than be stored when company comes over. This project is visible on my portfolio.
Tomorrow's products are going to have to marry smart and emerging technologies to create a better and efficient solution. I want to be part of tomorrow's products.
Augmented and virtual reality are areas of extreme interest and excitement in particular! A/V reality is a technological medium with an almost endless variety of applications. It is capable of great creation and expression while at the same time becoming more and more accessible to the consumer. With a/v reality, there is the potential for positive social change, especially through education and healthcare. There is also the thrilling potential to combine virtual reality with other sensorial experiences, which allows the user to have stronger connecting experiences.    
"As a computer science concentrator, I intend to use my degree not to become a software engineer but to become a product designer in tech. And I am especially interested in the ability of artificial intelligence in making our lives more sustainable, convenient, and well-curated. 

I can think of several areas in my life that would be much improved by the use of AI– such as a recycling service that automatically sorts your trash (which plastics are recyclable and which ones aren’t?) or a travel app that plans vacations for you given a budget and destination (my friend and I booked flights to Spain for spring break but neither of us has had time to make our itinerary yet!). 

While my experience with artificial intelligence has only been on the user side, I am excited about the field because of how I envision myself contributing to it. I can see myself fine-tuning the psychology of the product, making it more friendly and accessible to its audience. My ultimate goal is to create a truly polished product that integrates seamlessly into everyday life. 
"
"My background is largely based in music and media, and there are numerous direct applications of these technologies that excite me: 

Blockchain…. holds great promise for addressing data and payment related challenges for creators. I’ve been fortunate to get to know a lot of the players popping up in this space (Mediachain, Dot Blockchain, Ujo Music/Ethereum, etc) and my team has started to unpack how an open interoperable system of contracts could be created between these entities. We have started to explore how this technology could help bake more trust, transparency and reputation into a legal process that is otherwise a big area of discomfort for most creatives. The music and media space is incredibly fragmented, but the provenance and immutability that blockchain offers is hopeful. I’m intrigued to explore this further at the makeathon. 

AR/VR… and its fully immersive nature offers something very unique. For music creators, we’ve begun experimenting with the medium as a new means of storytelling and inviting the user deeper into their world. In media, we’ve begun experimenting with transitioning branded content into this space, though are running into a lot of challenges around technical logistics, finances, and creative obstacles around editing and full agency - and this is an area I’m exciting to learn more about from others at the makeathon and their approach to overcoming these challenges. I’m also interested in further exploring the immersive medium as a design thinking tool for truly putting the researcher in the user’s perspective and building better empathy.

AI… interests me in how it can augment our ability to learn and be efficient, especially working in industries that are widely built on manual, human processes that leave room for a lot of error. Spotify’s use of machine learning,  algorithms and personalized interfaces have already made a direct impact on how I approach my work, improving my ability to identify and curate talent that better serves the needs of record labels, publishing companies and consumer brands. But equally so, I am fascinated by the fine line of overfitting and underfitting AI to processes in music and media, and the bias and ethics debates it has sparked around creating echo chambers for certain songs in music streaming ecosystems, the conversations around fake news happening in media, etc. This is an area I’ve begun to collaborate on with a friend in AI research, and I would be excited to further explore with fellow participants at the makeathon."
"I'm most excited about AI and VR/AR, particularly their implications in helping humans exchange information, create mutual understanding and therefore collaborate more effectively. I read Kevin Kelly's ""The Inevitable"" last summer and have been very inspired by the vision that we are the very early days of the Cognitive Evolution, and that anything that is not intensely immersive and interactive will be outdated. 
What if, by using AI and platform technology, we can collect and weave *in real time* the many human stories into a master narrative that we can all relate to, that can touch and move us? I think the world needs much more willingness and ability to listen to others. Many of the issues we face cannot be solved alone and the ""I'm right"" and ""you're wrong"" mindset. I believe many of these emerging technologies can be explored and directed towards that end.
"
"All of these technologies have great potential to improve users' experiences, but I think that the internet of things is the most fascinating. The ability for everything we interact with to collect, interpret, share and search data removes a significant coordination cost across our lives. If our cars are connected to our homes, we can preheat the oven when we are getting close to home. Little things like that will put time back into consumers' day, allowing them to do more important things in their life. Commercially, it has the opportunity to transform manufacturing and logistics businesses.

Most importantly, the internet of things underpins many of the other technologies listed above. VR/AR solutions will work better if tied in to their surroundings. IOT devices have the ability to collect the immense volumes of data to feed into AI machine learning systems. IOT is the infrastructure that's going to make it all work together, so developing its applications in a way that will have high adoption rates is super important to get right!"
"Machine learning, AI, and deep learning, particularly in the ways they can contribute to VR/AR are topics that very much excite me and is what i'm largely studying right now. The potential for machines to help people and work with people to make decisions is incredibly large and something that I think will define the next 50 years. 

Machines already match people for dates, decide where we drive, and provide all the world's information at our fingertips. This is only scratching the surface, and i'm excited to contribute to the invention of new technologies in this area. "
"Currently, I’m particularly engaged in the immersive possibilities of mixed and virtual realities.  I’m  on a team competing in the Design Expo 17 challenge funded by Microsoft Research.  The prompt this year asks us to pitch a mixed reality product with the greatest potential cultural impact, and our team is pursuing a design that’s focused on our society's future with books. We'll design a prototype that augments reading and learning, taking advantage of MR's unique ability to overlay information. The potential of MR is enormous, but I don't want to live in a world that's forgotten what it's like to get lost in a great book! 
  
I'm also in a class at ITP called Doing Good is Good Business, working on a semester long group project that culminates in a product design pitch to UNICEF’s Innovation Unit.  The class is co-taught by staff from UNICEF, who’ve conveyed the organization’s interest in VR as a tool to encourage empathy and awareness about humanitarian efforts.  I've worked on 360 video/sound pieces and developed projects in Unity and Unreal, and it feels great now to direct my focus towards projects that aspire to larger solutions."
"I am excited by the opportunities for augmented and virtual realities to transform the way we share and tell stories, particularly with regards to journalism.  

As journalists fight a new era of misinformation, doubt, and apathy, augmented and VR technologies provide new paradigms in storytelling.  These technologies can create more immersive stories, and immersive and intimate stories have the power to transform us.  These technologies can make us more empathetic and understanding of people and places that are worlds away from our own lives.  I’m tremendously excited by AR and VR’s potential to create meaningful and rich communities that only exist in our imagination today. 

These technologies could also create more accessible and engaging ways of absorbing content that speak to people who normally aren’t interested in reading or watching the news.  If more people are accessing and engaging with journalism, we can create more informed and empowered voters. 
"
"The Internet of Things has interested me since high school. At the time, my friend and I were working in an engineering lab at the Yale School of Medicine. The lab specialized in improving heart pumps in any way, shape, or form. My professor assigned me to a mentor who helped me design inductive power transfer circuits to wirelessly power heart pumps. The project taught me the inner workings of a heart pump, and how, despite expensive motors and proprietary circuitry, it was a very basic system. Surprisingly, the software did not take full advantage of the hardware’s capability. What confused me the most was the wasted data that was picked up by the circuitry and immediately discarded. This inspired my friend and me to apply Internet-of-Things thinking by developing a heart pump with Bluetooth connectivity to an iPhone. Using Arduino as a prototyping platform, I developed a circuit board that received data from the heart pump and relayed it to the iPhone. The user could monitor this information, store it, and send it to a database. 

Over the summer, I started exploring the world of artificial intelligence by reading ""Superintelligence"" by Nick Bostrom. The book provided me a broad perspective on the possibilities presented by artificial intelligence. I firmly believe that artificial intelligence will be the single most important and wide-reaching development in human history, with deep social, economic, and political effects. I also believe the building blocks for a super intelligence are already being set through projects in machine learning that take advantage of massive amounts of data. Data takes many forms-for example, the sensory information from a patient’s heart pump. Applying artificial intelligence in the concrete form of machine learning can optimize our use of technology, resulting in dramatic changes in the quality of life for not only patients, but every global citizen."
The internet of things energizes me because I love the idea of blurring the line between the physical and digital worlds by putting a sensor on EVERYTHING and using the resulting data to extract new insights about human behavior and create previously unimaginable products and services. My interest in IoT really blossomed when, after years of struggling to lose weight and take control of my health, I used a Fitbit to stay engaged with my goals through data and created a new standard of living for myself. Pretty soon, the volume and variety of data points that wearable health devices are able to collect from users will be so vast that artificial intelligence-based personal health coaches will shift our relationship with current healthcare systems to one of preventative care. Come on, that’s kind of awesome! My fascination with the internet of things has spread into my professional life as well. In my current role at Liberty Mutual Insurance, I have been working to create new value in the auto claims process through use of telematics devices our customers have installed in their vehicles (beyond just number of times you brake a bit too hard, data from GPS, accelerometer, vehicle diagnostics will completely change how insurers can engage with customers both before and after a collision). My goal after business school is to use the wealth of data collected by the internet of things (connected vehicles/homes, smart cities, wearable devices, etc.) to fundamentally change the way we live our lives.
"My passion for ""the internet of things"" was markedly influenced by the Center for Advanced Power Systems at Florida State University, where I am working as a UI/UX design research assistant. This multidisciplinary research center is currently developing a mobile app for Tallahassee, Florida’s urban mobility management.  We are striving to create a decision-support platform called “Citizen, Community, Connectivity, and Co-mobility in Cities (4City)” to optimize city operations and improve future growth. 4City will integrate smart infrastructure sensors (for traffic, power grid, and air quality) with citizen inputs (via low-cost privately-held sensors, and smartphone applications) to understand, predict, and improve the connections between urban sub-systems. Our project is going to involve the idea of ""the internet of things,"" and that is why I would like to have the opportunity to develop my understanding of the new emerging technology at the CoLab.
"
"The internet of things and AI first evoked my interest when I bought the Amazon Echo. I used Alexa in multiple ways such as playing music and learning about nearby restaurants, but I was most fascinated by Alexa's function as the central hub for smart home, which enables the easy entry of Internet of Things into people's daily life. 

Meanwhile, Alexa Skills seems to grow rapidly in the form similar to Apple store. To make an analogy, Echo can be the new ""iPhone"", while skills, such as ""tell weather"", ""tell distance"", smart home control, can be the ""Apps"". The main difference would be replacing the GUI with a voice-based interface. 

This trend is when I came up with the idea Alevi. Alevi is a personal driving assistant to enable drivers safely and easily multitask during driving. Instead of the traditional navigation system, Alevi is a voice-controlled two-way interactive driving assistant App incorporated with Alexa. The voice-based interface instead of GUI may actually improve driving safety to a significant extent."
.
Personally, I am very interested in the Internet of Things. The possibility of revamping old products with technology, while also trying to maintain the honesty and simplicity of the design is a challenge that I seek to undertake. As I progress through my masters program, I will be having a heavy emphasis on IoT products.
"I interned at the White House and serendipitously got staffed on fintech. I learned about the industry, met with innovators, and helped think through policy. I was struck by the applications of technology like blockchain and artificial intelligence in achieving public policy and private sector goals. There’s enormous potential to leverage technology to create impactful solutions for critical issues like financial inclusion, financial literacy, and increasing access to credit for marginalized groups. 

When I think about the impact that blockchain and artificial intelligence can have on individuals, I think about what it’s like to live paycheck to paycheck. For a family of four that needs to make ends meet, the difference between having your paycheck clear on the day it is supposed to and having it clear a couple days later can translate into hundreds of dollars each year. Imagine that your check is scheduled to clear after your rent is due—to prevent your family from getting evicted you go to a predatory lender and take out a payday loan. The interest on this payday loan can be upwards of 400% on the amount borrowed. So you are able to take care of rent with that loan, but you still have to pay for utilities, your car payment, and your children’s daycare—so you turn to your credit card. Now you are well over the ideal utilization ratio and your credit score isn’t that great. When your paycheck finally clears, you want to pay down your credit card balance and the payday loan in full, but you’re unable to because you need to purchase groceries for the month. And this snowball effect happens month after month, deepening the hole of debt and fees and interest payments. It’s expensive to be poor, and the infrastructure of our current financial system is not helping.

Institutionally, blockchain has the potential to transform our payments, clearing, and settlement infrastructure. There is huge potential to remove inefficiency in the financial system and decrease the costs associated with completing transactions! These systemic changes can then trickle down by increasing the speed with which individual users can actually receive payments, in the long run hopefully eliminating many of the financial stresses I mentioned before. While it is clear that we are far away from the widespread transformation of such complex systems, it is critical that we think about and experiment with how this technology can be leveraged now. The best part is that blockchain’s applications are so far reaching—the use cases continually growing, with implications for everything from personal finance to trade financing and smart contracts to digital identity and even voting. I’m so excited to dive into this technology and see what we uncover. 

In a similar vein, artificial intelligence can also aid in improving access to financial advising by helping to provide personalized solutions for those who live in underbanked areas or have been left out of the financial system altogether. The ubiquity of smartphones presents an incredible platform for individuals to access personalized financial advice, regardless of their physical location. Some companies such as Digit have already ventured into this space, where users can receive updates on their finances as well as prompts to automatically save through a personal  texting bot. This model can be extrapolated to create a low-cost financial advising industry that is not contingent on having a physical person in a physical branch. Well-reasoned, personalized help about how to make financial decisions, how to save for the future, and the like. Individuals who have traditionally been excluded from access to reliable financial advice due to cost and logistics would be able to better manage and save their money through the development of AI technology. 

"
The internet of things is both exciting and scary at the same time: just today I read in the news about a doll that connects to the internet, has a camera, and stores children’s conversations in the company database. On the one hand, perhaps the doll will be able to respond to the child in a personalized way and help them learn, but on the other hand, these devices are very easy to hack into and provide legitimate privacy concerns. There are so many devices in the IoT space being released right now, but many makers and consumers are not aware that their dolls, coffee makers, and smart lights are, in fact, computers and must be protected. I am thrilled about the future of IoT because it brings multiple opportunities to develop interconnected systems to improve user experience as well as new opportunities to protect these systems and users’ privacy.
Augmented reality can shape the way we interact with other people, our environment, and ourselves, and has a lot of applicability in different areas. One area that AR can apply to is healthcare, where surgeons can see the instrument in AR when they are actually inserting the needle into the patient's body. This has enormous implications and will highly increase the accuracy and precision of surgeries. I've always been interested in new technologies and how they can be applied to solve problems, ever since reading science fiction books when I was little and seeing the futuristic worlds and how they have an entirely new system to solve problems. I'm especially interested in the applications of AR in medicine and biology to perhaps eradicate diseases completely or to make healthcare more efficient and accessible in developing countries.
I believe that IoT (Internet of Things) as well as AR and VR will be the next paradigm shift in HCI and computing in general (when considered with the advancements in big data analytics). I am really excited about IoT as I believe that all current applications are not that interesting and that there's so much potential to uncover. 
I am extremely enticed by augmented and virtual reality. VR is so fascinating because it could one day apply to everything-- I can see it being a way to improve education, healthcare, entertainment and even politics. One specific thing that I am excited for is to see the future of training doctors with VR and improving patient experience. There is something slightly terrifying about imagining a future with VR, but at the same time knowing what a role it could have in society makes it lucrative. This is what makes VR extremely controversial but fascinating to me.
"I believe that ICTs (Information and Communication Technologies) are the new urban revolution because they modify social dynamics and therefore they have the power to create new patterns of behavior which is what infrastructure does in the city. Space and time are not the same since they appear; therefore our approaches as professionals have to be designed in those new terms.

I have found that incorporating social media into architectural and urban projects leads to greater understanding of urban form and flows, since now people occupy the place of information. This vision have been the driving force of my interest in starting a masters in urban design at the GSD, based on how technologies can allow the construction of more adaptable, multidisciplinary, and effective approaches to urban environments complexities in order to understand cities not only as physical entities but also as sensible environments. 

This passion make me feel eager to engage projects that use technology to tackle different scales in order to set up an urban link that change the nature of the urban subject and the urban experience associated to an idea of accessibility."
"As an architecture student, I am passionate about the formal properties of space and the ways in which they are represented.  I am fascinated by IDEO’s work with blockchain, artificial intelligence, and the internet of things, but I am most excited by the potentials of augmented and virtual reality platforms. These platforms have the power to reshape the way we envision, interact with, and think about both space and place.  Architectural drawings began with simple orthographic projections.  This fundamental method of representation was later supplemented by perspectival drawings and, more recently, renderings.  Augmented and virtual reality represent the new vanguard of spatial representation.  This exciting new technology provides designers with unprecedented means of understanding and sharing ideas of space.  In turn, users are granted an innovative method of spatial comprehension.  

Before continuing my graduate studies at Harvard, I worked as a Junior Architect at ODA New York for two years.  During my time at ODA, I was lucky enough to work on projects that incorporated virtual reality software into the design process.  Projects were 3D modeled and shared with clients at our sales office to convey the ambiance of space and key architectural moments.  I believe that augmented and virtual reality technologies have the potential to change much more than the operations of architectural offices.  I am excited to participate in IDEO’s makeathon and summer fellowship to explore new opportunities to utilize immersive environments in today’s world."
The idea of artificial intelligence is one that continues to peak my interest everyday. After watching the film Ex_Machina and HBO series Westworld, I have become so interested in the ways that these films portray a possible future of artificial intelligence. While it mostly involves this idea that the robots will eventually become so similar to humans, maybe even more advanced, I am so interested in what truly will separate humans and artificially intelligent machines. It’s not only these films that gets me excited about what is yet to come, but the philosophical and psychological questions about consciousness and awareness gets me thinking about what might really make us human. Now how we achieve this level of artificial intelligence requires a higher level of coding knowledge, but I have been fascinated by the various advances in artificial intelligence in toys. Recently Mattel released a prototype of the new AI Barbie that can now interact with your children. This advancement into the realm of toys is a revolutionary move and I’m curious to know how various industries will begin to adapt to these changes. I have been devoting some time in school to focusing on studying various computer programing techniques because I want to be able to engage in this ever transforming field of artificial intelligence. There is so much left uncoded and untested, and I want to be at the fore front helping to pave the way through innovative projects. 
" I have been a big fan of the AR/VR domain, especially mixed reality components like Microsoft's Hololens and Magic Leap. This technology can initiate a paradigm shift in our daily lives. Mixed reality will create new avenues of innovation and application. Personally, one day I would love to design an experience where people can see historic event at iconic places through the ages in AR.

IoT is also an interesting space as it evolves everyday. Within a few years having components connected to the internet would become common but a pressing question lies on the near horizon - ""Will these smart components evolve by communicating with each other or just end up being status reporting devices?"""
"I am most excited about exploring the potentials of virtual reality. Virtual reality truly provides an environment with unlimited possibilities. You can craft universes that you otherwise would not experience, adopt a different human or a non-human’s perspective and defy natural laws that govern us in reality. Due to the novelty of the medium, many have been creating content for virtual reality without fully comprehending its impact. If people are shooting others in VR, what kinds of ethical meaning does it hold? Since there isn’t any framework for safety and psychological states in virtual reality, there is a lot of room for exploitation and violence. 

However, the same uncertainty in the medium also brings so much flexibility and excitement for designers. Instead of creating content to fit VR, designers can think: how can VR help my content? I believe that this is a critical time for designers to help shape how VR could be used for positive impact. I'm excited to find the appropriate content and application that could not only help people make more meaningful connections with each other but also set a precedent for how VR could be used for social impact. "
"All of these excite me! When I see demonstrations of the Microsoft Hololens, or read about how they got Watson to win at Jeopardy!, or learn about the linguistic puzzles that had to be solved in creating Amazon's Alexa, I react in a number of ways. 
On the one hand, my mind explodes with the myriad possibilities for education in particular. Just as a quarterback can run 500 plays in a VR headset without getting touched, imagine a teacher who could run 500 hours of teaching time in a VR classroom without harming a single child! 
The second thing that springs to mind is the question of responsibility as it relates to this work.  The fact that Stanford has launched a 100-year study into the changing impact of AI on our lives says a lot about how much these technologies are going to affect us all. I'm fascinated by how we can wield these technologies for, in my case specifically, the business of human improvement.  "
"These technologies are the building bricks of humanity's future. How they will be used is key in envisioning and building tomorrow. I am passionate about foresight and therefore spend a lot of time reading and talking about blockchain, AR/VR, AI, and the IoT. I seize every opportunity I get to get closer to the thinkers and makers in these spaces. 
Last summer I interned at Blippar, an AR startup, as a Product Marketing Designer and worked mostly on the adoption strategy of their education product and their API. I'd love to continue exploring how AI in its various applications, including with AR, will allow more people to thrive in the knowledge economy.
How to make more people know, care, and use AR and AI fascinates me! I enjoy leveraging my background in education and strategic communication to build and share great stories about services and products leveraging these technologies and how they can largely benefit populations. 
AR is turning the world into an interactive learning environment. AI is about to revolutionize all industries by incentivizing people to reinvent how they work and streamlining decision-making processing so we manage to make the most of the knowledge economy. 
I want to seize all chances to better understand and leverage these technologies, through concrete applications, for a positive impact. I'd love to contribute to making them matter, for GOOD. "
"My first VR experience was a virtual dinner. The creator had us sit down at a table with a fork and knife as our virtual selves enjoyed a nice steak dinner.  

I almost fell in love. 

VR, in my eyes, is an explosive new vehicle for immersive entertainment.  VR is awesome and cool, and I love making small pieces for it using Unity and Fuse. However, while I love the possibilities the medium holds, I have never felt comfortable with the way it restricts my senses.  

Then, entered my life augmented reality. 

In Fall 2016, I collaborated on an AR video game; a parody of the classic snake game that had projected snakes following the user around a table as they lead it to bits of food. Augmented reality holds the same promises as VR without the restrictiveness. I love exploring AR environments that respond solely to a person’s presence, but I am also finding that the medium takes on a new power when connected with other new wave tech, like The Internet of Things. 

I see AR incorporated smart homes. 
I see AR way-finding systems that respond to cell data. 
I see an augmented reality that augments senses and not just sight. 

Nowadays, I often find myself dreaming of AR, and I am so excited to make them, pun un-intended, a reality."
"Emerging technologies are perhaps some of the most exciting to start applying design-thinking methodologies to. As each of these areas develops, we have the opportunity to set the standard and trends for how people interact with these technologies — a small amount of strategic foundational work right now can shape decades of further work in these areas, especially in communities of developers and designers that don’t have as many human-centered design resources.   

This is especially true of artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence is currently making a transition from a hard, unapproachable “lab science” to a consumer-facing technology. From my perspective this is similar to the transition that was led by Apple with respect to the emergence of home computing (as opposed to industrial computing). Apple’s success in this revolution was defined by human-centered design, championing techniques mental models like the folder and file system (as explained in Don Norman’s Design of Everyday Things), making iMac’s friendly by adding a handle at the top (Walter Isaacson’s Steve Jobs), and pocket-friendly iPods. Products like Amazon Alexa and Siri have started the process of bringing AI into human’s lives gracefully, but I believe that as AI advances it will be a constant challenge.  We must mindfully introduce smarter and stronger AI into the lives of humans across the world in a way that is delightful and — quite frankly — not terrifying.  

To be at the forefront of this transition would be an incredible honor. "
I am passionate about the power of augmented and virtual reality, especially as it applies to education. I believe that being immersed in another person or group's experience in VR and AR can foster understanding and empathy. I am currently working with a team to prototype a VR experience to teach and get children excited about agriculture, food, and farming. For children who are unable to take a field trip to a farm, this application will hopefully give them a similar experience and generate excitement about where their food comes from. I am enthusiastic about the future of VR and AR, and excited to be a part of it.
While there are a number of exciting emerging technologies, augmented reality really catches my attention because of its potential to enhance person-to-person interactions and make people’s lives easier. AR can help people actually spend less time on technology as it seamlessly integrates into their everyday lives. When AR is mixed with artificial intelligence and the internet of things it becomes even more effective at allowing people to remain in the real-world instead of glued to a screen. One application of all three emerging technologies is in maintaining a home - specifically in grocery shopping; artificially intelligent systems keep track of what you need, while AR reality assists with way finding, both to the store and within it, and the internet of things connects your phone, the store, your computer, your house etc.. I would love to work on the user experience of these technologies because of their immense impact on people's preexisting routines, as well as their ability to enhance human connections and increase quality of life.
"¬	For Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma, one of the most common blood cancers in the world, almost 30% of patients aren’t cured by their initial treatment. More frighteningly, doctors currently have no effective way to distinguish which treatment will work best for the patient. At the University of Cambridge, I’m currently utilizing machine learning techniques to mine massive genetic data sets and try to predict how each patient will respond to different treatments, ultimately empowering a better treatment decision. Artificial Intelligence fascinates me for its capacity to find patterns too complex for humans to identify, and ultimately make predictions that help us make better decisions. I see a world in healthcare where AI increasingly makes decisions more effectively than doctors and I am inspired by seeing that translate to other fields as well. "
I've been working at USC's Kuhn labs to utilize IoT products to bridge the information gap between doctors visits for cancer patients and provide continuous health performance data to all the stakeholders of the field of cancer research including but not limited to researchers, physicians, patients and their support network. As a designer working at a cancer research lab, I design the interface for the patients and advocate for human centered design at an institution that typically focuses on publications. I believe that these emerging technologies (in particular IoT devices and artificial intelligence) are exciting and open up worlds of possibilities. At the same time, these technologies are much more valuable when applied to solving the persisting problems of the world with a laser focus on tailoring the technology to the specific problem rather than a generalist application. 
I'm excited by AI/VR and IoT in particular, because  its application can alter how we approach accessibility and issues around aging. Guidelines already exist in how we design technology for those communities (i.e. ADA, W3C). But what is rarely discussed is how we design for a "seat at the table" for those communities. We have a tendency to "design for" or rather, "design at", when we think accessibility. But with the emergence of AI/VR and IoT, we can pivot that thinking to "design with." To me, that is the critical evolution in the next stage of accessibility design. 
These technologies excite me because they are emerging, so their applications are open-ended and mostly undefined. On the edge of what’s believed to be possible, even simply ‘playing’ with a new technology can open up surprising opportunities. For example, I’m excited about what can be accomplished with the combination of the internet of things and artificial intelligence. IoT enables us to dynamically bridge the digital and physical worlds. Paired with the predictive and automatable abilities of AI, we are better prepared to face complex challenges. Through leadership of integrated engineering, business, and design disciplines, we can devise solutions that are only now becoming possible. 
Automation - in the form of strong AI applied across work once deemed exclusively human - is one of the greatest revolutions in the history of mankind. An economist by training, investor by trade, and now a designer, I have always been fascinated by the nature of work - the exact tasks we perform, the socio-economic exchanges that result from our labor, different forms of formal and informal occupation. AI will forever alter work as we know it - indeed, most jobs would be rendered irrelevant as smart machines take over human domains. The tidal shift to a post-capitalist and possibly post-human world presents challenges that only cross-disciplinary efforts could help mitigate, such as sustainable universal basic income, affordable housing, lifelong vocational training, and others.
I’m really interested in the internet of things because it could allow us to buy smarter. For example, if each item has a sensor, we can scan the item and receive information which allows us to better decide whether we want to buy it or not. Also, it could enable us to better organize information, such as making visual wish lists based on what we scan.
"I am excited about Internet of Things for three reasons. 
(1) The network of connected devices and objects in IoT sense and collect large volumes of data. As our society is becoming increasingly data driven, this ability to track and measure data increases efficiency and productivity. It makes monitoring and evaluation more effective, and enables better decision making. 
(2) The applications connected to the IoT platform enable actionable data. Further, the technology senses changes in the environment and adapts automatically. This allows information to be turned into action very quickly. 
(3) Furthermore, I believe IoT leads to increased collaboration between industries. It helps to breakdown silos and facilitates innovation.  "
It feels like we're living on the precipice of a huge technological shift with blockchain. In an age where secure and verifiable information feels out of reach, blockchain is the tool that we need to earn back the trust we're missing. Conceptually, they're pretty simple, but that simplicity lends itself to making blockchain, more than other technologies, extremely versatile. The fact that blockchain's first major use was in finance, a sector thought of as fixed and lumbering, is evidence that blockchain enables us to completely rethink institutions, not just industry.
I am passionate about increasing financial inclusion, and excited by the potential for blockchain to decrease the cost of serving base of the pyramid customers globally. Today, financial institutions and fintech players devote considerable resources toward ensuring the security of their financial products. Those costs are passed onto customers through more expensive products. Higher costs also prevent financial players from profitably offering products to underbanked, poor customers. Blockchain has the potential to revolutionize access to financial products by decreasing the overhead costs to offer financial products which makes it easier to serve the poor. There are many applications of this technology. For example, it could be used to digitize savings circles, a popular informal financial tool where each member of a group makes a monthly contribution to a pooled savings. Typically once a year, each member receives the full ‘pool’ of monthly funds to finance a larger purchase. Offering a similar product using the blockchain reduces the existing risks like the risk that the circles’ money is stolen, and increases future opportunity like allowing saving circles to exist among dispersed groups of people. There are many other potential applications of blockchain, and I am excited by the prospect of supporting the design of future financial products that could leverage this technology.
I’m really interested in the internet of things because it could allow us to buy smarter. For example, if each item has a sensor, we can scan the item and receive information which allows us to better decide whether we want to buy it or not. Also, it could enable us to better organize information, such as making visual wish lists based on what we scan.
The augmented/virtual reality and wetware intersection is incredibly fascinating. "The Matrix" introduced our world to a post-pixel world of virtual reality, augmented reality, and mixed reality fed directly into the brain with wetware. And in that post-pixel world, inputs, outputs, hardware, software, and biology merged and became indistinguishable. This singularity is almost inevitable and some of the technology, like carbon nanotube transistors, required to connect computers to the brain and other organs already exist. 
"I consider myself fortune enough to have experienced the communicative transition of inverted numbers on a TI calculator in the middle of 3rd grade math class to the full blown multimedia messaging services enjoyed by the youngest and oldest age groups you'll find printed on most Lego sets. Humanity has established communication across the globe unlike any time beforehand. While this feat is immeasurably progressive, our educative systems and political bureaucracies continue to operate within a nearly obsolete confinement rooted in lethargic policies and procedures. This problem poses a juxtaposition between the technological advances of today, such a smart phone, with the generational habits of people. C.K. Louis humorously explains why he refuses to buy his children phones while on the Late Night Show with Conan O'Brien:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HbYScltf1c
The internet of things and all tethers of this technology have the potential to unite everyone in the world under the premise of human progress, which is most exciting to me!"
We are living in a world that is continuously producing massive amounts of data that can be leveraged to produce valuable insights. Many emerging technologies are engaged with creating this leverage, which is particularly exciting from the standpoint of a social innovator as these insights have the capability to increase the accuracy of identifying and delivering interventions. They are tools that can be used to address market failures and increase impact manifold, essentially simplifying complex processes into more tangible and addressable forms. 
I am really interested in the internet of things because I believe that form of technology can bring people together. More importantly, I think it can put us on a realistic track towards ending social inequities and can be used as a preventative tool to create more sustainable infrastructure. I come from a health background and have seen firsthand that wearable devices can bring public health and medicine together to help patients live healthier lives and engage in healthy habits.  
I am really curious about how AI can enhance information sharing and provide advice and expertise, particularly in health care. Having focused our first startup on Chinese factory workers, I have seen first hand how those at the bottom of the pyramid really suffer when typically only the urban elite have ready access to  healthcare. AI is important especially in a stressed healthcare system where less-skilled doctors are assigned to rural outposts where they do not have access to comprehensive digital medical records or the latest medical equipment. Here, AI can bridge the gap between what is known and unknown about each patient and detect patterns for more accurate diagnosis even when the rural doctors do not have the experience with that particular disease. 
"Here are my two cents on why these technologies excites me:

Over the last ninety days, I’ve been digging deeper and deeper into a curiosity I’ve had for the last twelve months: virtual reality. I have been fascinated by the space in general and where the consumption of things like 360 video are going. This is the first time that technology has made me feel this excited since I was first introduced to the internet in 1994. When I decided in my early twenties that I wanted to follow technology and be an entrepreneur in that space, I knew that there would be four to ten magical, important moments, big technological changes that would occur throughout my career. I hoped that with my skills and intuition that I could ride those waves into success. VR is my current crush. VR is that play. VR is the closest thing that I have felt to the internet and mobile revolution, and I’ll be paying close attention to this space over the next half decade. AND who doesn’t like the idea of getting one-step closer to the Star Trek holodeck!

I work closely on Blockchain at Digital Currency Initiative - MIT Media Lab and am excited about the promises of Blockchain technology because of the breath of use cases touching across industries, disrupting the most established players. To me, Blockchain is like a magic box – a mix of innovations and the smart use of available solutions make it revolutionary. It is not often that a technology paradigm has so many great ideas packaged into a small capsule.

The Internet has already brought hundreds of millions of people together and created connections that were never before possible -- but this is just the beginning and the Internet of Things (IoT) is transforming life like never before. I am excited about the implications of IoT, which are huge: The entire planet will become a unified, brain-like system. IoT to me is that everything from household appliances, to construction equipment, to vehicles and buildings will transmit data and communicate with other objects or people. That means everything will be able to be measured and tracked all the time. Cloud-based apps and tools will be able to analyze and translate that data into useful information. All this data can fuel better decisions and help develop better outcomes.

AI has become the “big data” from five years ago — the initial massive hype has settled into real use cases that solve real problems, versus just buzzwords flying around. I am thrilled about the broad range of applications for AI-based technologies, both in the horizontal markets such as security, data analytics, and marketing and vertical markets such as financial services, health care, and retail.
"
"AI exploded dramatically over the last 5-7 years, with wider availability of GPU that makes parallel processing faster and cheaper. Working in the server industry, I witnessed the advancement in AI that unleashed the use of deep learning and associated applications in scientific research, financial analysis, speech and voice recognition, among others. 

Aspired to become a fashion entrepreneur, I am thrilled by the possibilities soon to be unlocked by advanced AI. Specifically, I expect deep learning and computer vision to become an integral part of fashion technology that helps predict taste and customize style recommendations at an individual level beyond imagination."
I am interested in the AR/VR technology because I believe that this next-gen computing platform is more human-centric. It allows people to augment their skills and knowledge without having to sit in front of a screen. Despite the slow adoption of this technology, I believe that it will be applied to a variety of industries in the long-run. I am interested in exploring different use-case scenarios of this technology to help the current AR/VR community change the attitudes of industry leaders who may not have realized its potential. I am also interested in the applications of Artificial Intelligence especially in automating jobs that are repetitive and in creating neural-networks that analyze and synthesize big data. I believe that AI can propel the rate of innovation in various other fields because of its ability to learn and make informed decisions. Besides AI’s application, I am also interested in initiatives like OpenAI which aims to build safe AI. I am particularly interested in correcting for bias in AI applications
With a passion for design, I love the implications that augmented reality has for product design and healthcare. Using a product, such as Hololens, allows one to virtually "preview" modifications in real-time, without having to actually physically implement them, and its efficiency inspires me.
With an academic focus on cities and technology, I am most excited about the emerging internet of things. Networked devices like street lights, road sensors, vehicles, or even trash cans have immense potential to generate new data streams, create efficiency, and make cities more responsive to their citizens. In Chicago, the Array of Things collects real time data on air quality, noise, and activity, which helps the City monitor quality of life. Meanwhile, San Diego’s sensor-embedded street lights have improved parking enforcement, reducing traffic by 30 percent. Though interested in networks at the city scale, I’m also curious about how the internet of things impacts people at a human scale, in the form of wearables, connected appliances, and more. From large scale infrastructure to individual living rooms, I hope to explore how we might integrate these devices into the fabric of people’s daily lives. 
"I am fascinated with how technology can bring new opportunities to this world. I see endless opportunities in AI application to making decisions and also augmented and virtual reality to education and learning.

Back in Russia, I worked at Yandex, the company that operated the 4th largest online search engine. Yandex owns a lot of data and computing power. The company uses it heavily in designing internet services. I saw many examples of how we helped people to make better decisions in choosing goods to buy, music to listen, flight to choose. It also helped industries to understand their customers better by analyzing data and making better decisions with the implementation of machine learning. I was excited to be a part of it.

I have my personal passion to education. I built an online game for kids aiming to show them what creative professions mean and launched several educational programs within the companies I worked for. With augmented and virtual reality emerging, I dream about distributed universities and schools and immediate implementation of new skills. With labor market fast changing, the world will need people to get new professions faster, and I want to be a part of the solution development."
I’m excited about all of the above technologies but blockchain in particular is very interesting. There have been periods of hype and stagnation surrounding blockchain, but ever since the creation of bitcoin in 2009, I think blockchain progress can be segmented into two stages. The first was the creation of the concept of decentralized money (i.e. bitcoin), the second was the expansion of the underlying model behind bitcoin (blockchain) to other uses, a stage we are currently in right now. I’m particularly interested in the potential of blockchain to create smart contracts. Contracts have always been evaluated, escalated, and resolved by people and smart contracts take these processes and automate them, checking their own conditions and acting on them without human involvement. This allows for easier consensus, more efficiency, easier arbitration, and automatic execution. Blockchain is the key technology that finally allows smart contracts to become reality, as it provides an immutable, decentralized, transparent ledger that ensures integrity. Smart contracts have the ability to replace basic legal transactional contracts, create trustless financial exchanges, disrupt escrow agencies, disintermediate lending, and allow for direct shareholder input on company strategy and execution.
The internet of things, AR + VR, and artificial intelligence really interest me. The prophetic readings of our future as told by Sci-fi movies becomes more and more of a reality each day. Architects, engineers, designers, and scientists are going to be the wizards of tomorrow and it's up to them to ensure their disciplines are guided in the right direction. Personally I think my generation is living in an interesting time since I get to witness the internet completely flip the age old discipline of architecture. Social media has completely overhauled the way architectural imagery is consumed and that's just the tip of the iceberg!
"I believe that technologies should be hidden and peripheral. That is what interests me most about technologies like internet of things (IOT) and augmented reality. With IOT, all the complex technologies will get hidden behind a familiar object - object that the user can establish relationship with. One really good example of this is Cozmo, the AI toy robot by Anki. Cozmo is a small robot with really complex AI, but it feels like a small-robot pet and not a piece of technology 

Additionally, I believe a lot of existing “connected devices” and “smart technologies” lack understanding of context. I want to combine AI and IOT to make the technologies smarter and have better understanding of user needs based on their environment, activity or need."
I am very enthusiastic about working with AR/VR and the internet of things because I believe that these technologies can serve as an innovative, yet critical, interface between humans and the built environment. I am eager to work with others during the makeathon to create prototypes and radical designs using such technologies.
I am very interested in blockchains and especially they can be used to help public health.  Previously, I worked on a smart TB-pillbox, one that can hold a patient's pills and also track when they were taken. With blockchain tech, the TB-pillbox is redundant!  I need to work on the next generation version of this!  Blockchains can be used for so much more than what I was able to create on my own.
"Here are my two cents on why these technologies excite me:

Over the last ninety days, I’ve been digging deeper and deeper into a curiosity I’ve had for the last twelve months: virtual reality. I have been fascinated by the space in general and where the consumption of things like 360 video are going. This is the first time that technology has made me feel this excited since I was first introduced to the internet in 1994. When I decided in my early twenties that I wanted to follow technology and be an entrepreneur in that space, I knew that there would be four to ten magical, important moments, big technological changes that would occur throughout my career. I hoped that with my skills and intuition that I could ride those waves into success. VR is my current crush. VR is that play. VR is the closest thing that I have felt to the internet and mobile revolution, and I’ll be paying close attention to this space over the next half decade. AND who doesn’t like the idea of getting one-step closer to the Star Trek holodeck!  

I work closely on Blockchain at Digital Currency Initiative - MIT Media Lab and am excited about the promises of Blockchain technology because of the breath of use cases touching across industries, disrupting the most established players. To me, Blockchain is like a magic box – a mix of innovations and the smart use of available solutions make it revolutionary. It is not often that a technology paradigm has so many great ideas packaged into a small capsule.

The Internet has already brought hundreds of millions of people together and created connections that were never before possible -- but this is just the beginning and the Internet of Things (IoT) is transforming life like never before. I am excited about the implications of IoT, which are huge: The entire planet will become a unified, brain-like system. IoT to me is that everything from household appliances, to construction equipment, to vehicles and buildings will transmit data and communicate with other objects or people. That means everything will be able to be measured and tracked all the time. Cloud-based apps and tools will be able to analyze and translate that data into useful information. All this data can fuel better decisions and help develop better outcomes.

AI has become the “big data” from five years ago — the initial massive hype has settled into real use cases that solve real problems, versus just buzzwords flying around. I am thrilled about the broad range of applications for AI-based technologies, both in the horizontal markets such as security, data analytics, and marketing and vertical markets such as financial services, health care, and retail.
"
"As an artist inspired by cyber communal activities such as interactions and collective protocols in the digital landscape, I am deeply interested in exploring and translating different types of internet relationships into their physical existence. Since most of the online communities appears to have some sort of formation or codes of conduct, it is possible to formate different types of internet societal activities and build them into robotic functions. There are experiments that have already taken place in making bots to approach online human activities. For example, the twitter bot developed by Microsoft that was later took down for bad behaviors.
This year's makeathon's topics are centered around technologies that has great potentials to filter themselves into daily lives. Instead of a distinctive portal that gives the users access into the Internet, the line between Internet activity and real life activity will be further blurred. I am interested in the disappearance of a traditional Internet portal of a laptop, a smart phone, or an x-box and the emergence of new portals, such as a makeup palette, a room, or a book."
I recently designed an experience for a space that combined the internet of things with immersive play (http://motherboardbk.com/) and I love seeing how blurring the lines between digital & physical / reality & fiction can animate audiences and lead to surprising outcomes. Would love to be involved in similar projects!
What if an EMT wore glasses that took them through the steps of patient care?  I’m a recently-certified EMT; in our class, we learned the chain of events to perform from first patient contact to arrival at the hospital.  I have not started EMT work yet, but I can only imagine how many nervous new EMTs miss steps and make mistakes.  My class instructor told me one story about a patient who came into the ER with what the EMTs reported to be a few small injuries; when the doctors examined him, they found a gaping chest wound that the EMTs had never noticed because they had not visually inspected his chest.  Incidents like this occur (I hope) quite rarely, but EMTs, like all people, do make mistakes.  If augmented reality were incorporated into the EMT uniform, it could truly save lives.   
"The most exciting technology to me, is the blockchains. It is currently increasing efficiency and revolutionizing the financial industry.In my opinion, there is a huge potential for blockchains . Just like a Rube Goldberg project, instead of allowing a series of intermediaries, they are downsizing all possible middleman of a transaction, reducing operating cost and increasing efficiency while enhancing delivery of the final product to the consumer. Although recent development of the blockchains are largely concentrated in the financial industry, I believe that the same concept can be used across many sectors. 

In addition, I am excited about the integration of blockchains into the distribution of energy in the future. With renewable energy generation from each house very much possible in the future, how will it be distributed efficiently? It is increasingly possible for each individual to power their own house in the future. Soon, I believe each house will be able to generate energy surplus, which can then be contributed to the grid. I would like to understand how the blockchain will allow the contribution of each individual into the grid, to be distributed to meet the demands most efficiently and how the supplier will be compensated in this system. If we are no longer relying on the grid, I believe that blockchain will be integral in the development of energy distribution. "
"I'm interested in all of the above, but particularly in artificial intelligence. In the context of the goals of CoLab partners, and for that matter any long-term successful enterprise, AI (and its lesser precursors) presents an opportunity to provide a much higher standard of customer service and experience. 

I am working on a venture idea in class and at the iLab that aims to vastly improve retirement plan options for educators by expanding low-fee investment options and simplifying user experience. As with other 'roboadvisor' platforms, artificial intelligence will be crucial to delivering on both of those goals.

This semester at the Kennedy School, I'll be working with a team of my classmates on a consulting exercise for the State of Massachusetts on autonomous vehicles and public policy. A group of students and faculty at the school have been engaged in a year-long conversation around the policy impacts of the shift. They're wide-ranging and will transform industries and labor markets (e.g. what happens when private car insurance is no longer a major market?).  "
While I was learning Unity, I realized that I am strongly excited to build virtual environment. Based on my art background, I am creative person and I want to build imaginative space with creative images and sound. 
"I am an educator interested in the potential of VR and AR to create immersive and interactive learning experiences. I am currently the instructional designer on a team building a virtual reality game to learn basic Mandarin Chinese.  

One recent theme in our cultural narrative is that people silo themselves in bubbles of their own viewpoints. President Obama mentioned the need for more exposure to the experiences and viewpoints of others in his farewell address. For these reasons the potential of VR as a tool to promote empathy and cross cultural learning is quite intriguing. 

In the Mandarin learning project I mentioned above, for example, the ultimate goal of our product is to provide travelers with a skill set to have a more positive cross cultural experience. We believe language learning is one requisite skill to this end, but another is immersion and adaptation to an unfamiliar environment. This is why we chose VR as our medium. "
Today, I  work alongside people on AI, AR/VR, blockchain and IoT technology related projects. These projects are trying to figure out how the these technologies will change society. Some of their early work takes my breath away. What  fascinates me about these technologies is what they are capable of, the good, the bad, and unintended consequences. For the good, I have seen firsthand how VR can improve lives of the mentally ill. But for the bad, I also have seen IOT devices used to carry out cyber attacks. That said how is urban planning going to change as a result of driver-less cars. These are all the reason why I am fascinated by these emerging technologies.
"I believe emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and virtual reality are transforming today's world, from the way in which we interact with each other to the way in which we live in our cities. 

First, I believe that great design always relates to the people who use it, and our interaction with and judgment of design is often based on experience, sensation, and emotion. While these concepts are very difficult to quantify, emerging technologies such as virtual reality can help us seal the divide between these intangible qualities and the physical product or technology. Likewise, artificial intelligence has the capacity to create technology that can interact with people in a way that is increasingly sensitive, or “human.”
"
"I’m most excited about augmented and virtual reality for several reasons: 
(1) Whether AR/VR is used for entertainment and video games, creating 3D models, or experiencing a new environment, It can be used to bridge gaps in understanding and connect people.
(2) It’s a tool that can be used to provide therapy and explore the human psyche. Since it simulates reality and social situations, it can activate certain regions in the brain which I think can help with rehabilitation and psychological healing. 
(3) I look forward to using AR/VR products/services when I’m an old lady in hopes that its potential and capabilities will have been fully fleshed out by then. When I’m old, I’ll have physical limitations and be unable to travel and explore as much so I’m hoping AR/VR will still give me access to experiencing and enjoying the world. "
I'm passionate about digital health, and there's so much opportunity for AI and VR to completely change the way we learn about health and maintain our own wellness! There are already so many digital health startups and medical programs leveraging those technologies; Lark uses AI to coach their users to improve their fitness, medical schools use AR to help students learn anatomy outside of the cadaver labs, and algorithms now diagnose skin cancer as accurately as dermatologists can. I'm excited to learn more about these technologies in the context of human wellness!
I have a great interest in the future of wearable technologies and its integration with the internet of things. Will advancements in the internet of things spawn a new range of wearable tech that are utterly ingrained with the new ways we use technologies? What entails the security and feasibility of these possible integrations and will new service patterns across all industries emerge? What is the new aesthetic and emotional connotations of these new IOT products that facilitate seemingly personal services and day to day functions?   
augmented and virtual reality is a fascinating technology that changes how we see the world, how we understand it, and how we perceive it. for that reason I find very interesting to see the different reactions of people after trying the virtual reality headset. 
"I’m passionate about the intersection between humans + technology. I believe it is critical to understanding human behavior to create human-centered solutions. Innovative technologies such as big data, AI, AR/VR, bitcoin/blockchain, and Internet of Things are dramatically changing who the winners are in banking, healthcare, entertainment, media, retail, etc. By breaking down the fading boundaries between technology and humanity, and partnering with open minded companies, I believe the CoLab participants/members can play a key role in influencing how those companies win in this new world. 

Blockchain is the answer. Having worked at Citigroup's Payments group for 6 years in Europe, the Middle East and the US - I understand the disbelief corporate clients have where there are millions of dollars of ""lost"" payments somewhere in Citi's pipes. How is our banking system so archaic, slow and expensive?! It is ripe for disruption and blockchain is answer. 

I'm also extremely inspired by the power of Virtual Reality in helping making things we do in our life more intuitive. For example, today’s video editors are constrained by two-dimensional surfaces and a design collaboration process that stifles creativity. As a result, their quality of product and degree of self-expression suffer. That means decreased productivity and more expensive post-production services for digital media companies, TV networks, film studios. What's the solution? In 48 hours, my team at the ""Reality Virtually Hack"" http://www.realityvirtuallyhack.com/ at MIT Media Lab, bootstrapped a video editing software for Vive headsets through which users use their hands to elongate, cut, edit, and add sound to video clips in a virtual 3D environment. Our solution received vigorous positive feedback from practitioners and earned recognition at the event. 

Augmented reality excites me as well. It has the power to create experiences for companies and brands to better connect with their consumers. In its May 2016 issue, the New Yorker Magazine published an augmented-reality experience on its cover and ads. While it was Qualcomm that took out the ads, the brand that delivered an inspiring message to me was The New Yorker. It was a message of resilience, nudging the user to challenge preconceived notions of what the brand represents in the age of digital print media. The beauty of the ad campaign was the partnership between The New Yorker, an ego-expressive iconoclastic media brand that is the hallmark of art and creativity and Qualcomm, a fast moving tech company at the forefront of mobile technology and disruptive innovations. The New Yorker positioned itself as a leader of innovation within media despite print media suffering declines as readership moves to digital media. It communicated to its customers that it is indeed thinking outside the box and embracing novel technologies and screaming “don’t give up on me!” In its association with Qualcomm, it playfully encouraged readers to get curious about new technologies and pushed readers’ boundaries by nudging consumers to download the Uncovr app and experience something most have not - to see a printed page turn into an interactive experience. 

I'm inspired by: 1) IoT to help make our lives safer because we can have sensors instead of people on oil rigs, 2) VR to help elderly better deal with isolation and loneliness by connecting with loved ones with childhood memories (through MIT's startup Rendever), 3) AI and IBM Watson to help make stride to cure cancer in partnership with Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.

All these example illustrates my passion around the potential of these technologies (AR/VR, bitcoin/blockchain, IoT, AI) to disrupt the future of how we live our lives. It has the power to make our lives better and as someone who is interested in doing good and doing well, I'm excited about the potential to contribute to a smart part of what that might look like. "
"Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality: Several transformational AR/VR platforms have been launched to further and enrich quality learning, and prepare students for contemporary and future societies. Moreover, the economic scaling of such devices has led to mainstreaming, and hence introduced new expectations for teaching and learning. Presently, through my coursework, I am analyzing the powerful culture of AR/VR (in learning environments) through the eyes of both, critical ethnographers and designers.

Artificial Intelligence: My first-hand experience with AI was in 2010-2011 when I was a researcher and UI developer for a text-mining project called ‘BizzCzar’ at my engineering institute, VESIT, Mumbai, India. We worked on harnessing Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to extract relationships from business data in unstructured format, and built a prototype tool to demonstrate the use of improved relations catering to gather and apply information. Since then, every field seems to have benefited substantially from AI, but its momentum in education seems to be fading. I believe, the technology of AI has a significant role to play when it comes to personalization, interconnectedness and lifelong learning, especially in a disruptively innovative fashion. 
"
I am really excited about virtual reality, particularly to the extent that it can be used to provide children and economically challenged people experience places and scenarios that they wouldn't otherwise be able to. I think that virtual reality can be especially powerful, for example, in showing children that come from less fortunate backgrounds what different cities of the world look like, what it feels like to ride a rollercoaster or go on a boat, etc., with the ultimate goal of impressing on them that there is more to life than what exists within their immediate community. 
Internet of things technology matters because it allows for products to be used to their full potential. By gathering data through these products and leveraging the internet and the cloud, the use can be analyzed and interpreted in real-time, allowing for increased helpfulness and product optimization. IoT products have unlimited potential, from tracking and transmitting real time health data of surgical patients, to pinpointing exactly what part of a complex machine is malfunctioning from the opposite side of the world. IoT products allow for increased connections, efficiency with resources, and seamlessness between products.  Because IoT products are connected to the ever-changing and expanding knowledge database of the internet, these products can constantly be improved by incorporating new information and adapting new technologies. These IoT products become reflective of real-time needs, empowering people to do more. 
"Given my journalism background, it makes sense that at first instinct, I think of the ethics behind VR  news. I think of what it means to experience a bomb shell rattling a small village in Kenya, or gauge the energy of the crowd firsthand at the presidential Inauguration. I see the benefits: greater empathy, self-awareness, intimacy. I also see the risk: VR PTSD, or the tampering of VR when used as evidence for a case. Artificial intelligence can impact numerous niche groups — whether the growing aging population who need to search for a number and only have their voices, or better discerning good from bad information on the internet for vulnerable populations. 

The intersection of these new technologies with the human experience are equally mystifying and lucid. Figuring out how to reconcile the benefits and risks for the future is a meaty challenge. "
"Last summer, I interned with Cisco’s IoT Market Development team and absolutely loved learning about how IoT is disrupting just about every key industry in designing for the future. At Cisco, I specifically worked on projects with smart cities, working with key customers (such as the City of Barcelona or the Dutch government) who are using Cisco technology to create “smart city” solutions to innovate traditional transportation, housing, or civic engagement practices. I loved learning all about how relevant and exciting the technology of the internet of things is, and how it can be applied to create better better standard of livings. 
 
As someone with an urban planning background, I’m really interested in the applications of IoT in the future of designing cities. “Smart cities” are—and have to be—the future to create a sustainable planet to live in, and this space has an incredible depth and scope still left to discover. The future of our built environment with the internet of things excites me to no avail. I’m eager to use the energy and excitement of this CoLab makeathon as a springboard into coming up with creative solutions to daily problems, and using IoT and other emerging technologies as the vehicle.  "
"Recently, I have been reading a lot about chatbots and how they are the future of user experience. I am personally excited to see they will be used to solve more meaningful problems than just e-commerce. 

I have not read much on VR, but I am always impressed with that what people are doing with it in different areas like medicine and design. I would love the opportunity to learn more about it."
The Internet of Things and blockchain technology have incredible potential to improve cities and the quality of life of people dwelling within them. In order for our economy and society to function efficiently and transparently, cities must undertake coordinated strategies to integrate and develop technology and innovation. With the Internet of Things, there is potential to create a ubiquity of networked electronics within the densely populated city environment. Such electronics could exist both in the private and public sphere, and blockchain could manage the data accumulated from them. The implications are exciting and powerful, and as a student passionate about sustainable design I am eager to be on the forefront of creating equitable and ecological smart cities.
"These are some of the hottest technology topics right now and I am particularly interested in the internet of things and augmented reality.

The internet of things is one domain in which I have worked in. I would like to further explore this domain since it involves connecting together the digital and physical world. With the invention of a $35 computer: Raspberry pi, it has become very easy to connect physical objects to the internet and operate them from anywhere in the world using a mobile app. Thus if you forget to turn off the lights in your house while you are on a trip to India, you can do that just by using a mobile application from your phone. This idea of operating things from far away seemed like something only rocket scientists could do but with time, it has become possible for every maker, hacker or DIY culture-lover.

Apart from this, I am very fascinated with augmented reality as it is like crafting a world that we want to see. Augmented reality allows us to take the mundane and make it beautiful. I became interested in this domain after playing with apps like MSQRD and Snapchat that transformed ordinary photographs into something interesting by digitally superimposing animations on top of it. 
"
I'm currently researching technology and its influence on stress, anxiety and depression—specifically, how interactive technologies such as wearables, cellular phones and smart devices can play a role in detecting and potentially alleviating various stressors and mental ailments. My studies have made me more aware of the present trajectory of the internet of things, and I believe that the ubiquitous nature of technology makes it impossible for us to ignore how relevant IoT is and how relevant it will be in only a few years. Technology exists to enhance and ameliorate the human experience, and I love tinkering around with innovations that bridge the gap between human beings and digital services. The possibilities are truly endless, and it’s particularly interesting to augment reality through computing and design.
The blockchain presents an opportunity as large as the internet, and is just as exciting. I've been obsessed with blockchain applications since buying my first bitcoin in 2012. I've built applications like BlackBox (http://www.hackathon.io/759281) to design early solutions to problems which can only be solved by leveraging blockchain's unique consensus model which solves computer science challenges which have challenged technologists for generations.
"I’m focusing on VR and AR at school. I want to design tools to make humans more powerful. When I try to explain why I’m interested in this, I often end up thinking about children's books  like Harold and the Purple Crayon, or Ms Frizzle and the Magic School Bus. Harold is able to save himself from falling by using a crayon to draw a hot air balloon that becomes real. Ms Frizzle is able to teach her students by making them bigger and smaller to explore biological systems like the human body. VR makes it possible for us to create experiences like this, allowing us to bridge the gap between what’s in our minds and what we experience via sensation. 

I’m also interested in how AR and computer vision will affect human interaction. For example, what would it mean if we we had a way to see the meaning of every micro expression made by everyone in the room? How would that affect how we behave towards each other? Would we all try to stay stonefaced? Or would people disable it?"
"I'm extremely interested in AI and blockchain based technologies, as I see them being the most seamless in our lives in the next two decades, and accordingly, the most ""ready"" to blend into our homes, workplaces, and routines.

With AI in particular, I'm thrilled about the way AI tools are simplifying our problem solving abilities and at the same time, presenting interesting challenges around how it affects livelihoods, task workers, and economic growth.  The architecture and biases encoded into AI algorithms will have a compounding impact, especially when the algorithms are observing themselves or human interactions and iterating upon themselves recursively.  Accordingly, I enjoy thinking about the scope and role of AI, and perhaps more importantly, how human interaction with AI is structured.

I'm also interested in blockchain technologies and they way the ""rewrite"" the underlying mechanics of technologies around us, from banking to voting to digital identity management.  I'm particularly interested in how blockchain applications might combat corruption in a variety of contexts to build infrastructure that incentives ethical behavior and social values.  I believe digital identity services, financial and payment transparency, and contracting hinge upon the acceptance and security of blockchain implementations, and enjoy exploring these approaches to identify promising options."
"If there is one topic that has driven the industry the past decade and will drive the market for the next one, I would say it is the Internet of Things. Nearly everything that we encounter and use in our daily lives is somehow connected, and this interconnected network of devices allows the world to advance more quickly and efficiently than ever before. My smart glove project with Intel was also labeled as an IoT device, and working with products beyond simple data transfer via Internet and focusing on providing an intimate personal experience is exceptionally fascinating.

My hardware obsession also comes into play with IoT technology. As customers desire a more personal interaction with the devices they use, various companies compete to produce more refined and effective devices, and having beautiful design and great user interface is a given. I love pondering about different ways we can build products that can provide a great user experience, and software and hardware optimization is something I practice everyday as an engineer. At the CoLab, I hope to work with engineers who can help me think like a product developer and help me design ideas that can simplify our lives. 

As IoT becomes a matter-of-fact in our daily lives, artificial intelligence will boost this industry and continue to grow. I see so much potential in machine intelligence making human lives so much easier and efficient. As machines become increasingly capable and starts sensing its surroundings and conditions, the IoT devices will learn to adapt and provide necessary data for the user, and I think it is really important for engineers to understand and train machines to significantly improve our lives. At the CoLab, I hope to become more knowledgeable with this technology and share ideas with other fellows on the future of this industry. "
"It is hard to be excited (or intimidated) by just one or two of these when they are all increasingly inter-related! But I am most excited about learning and exploring technologies driving the convergence of the internet of things and blockchain trust mechanisms and what that convergence might mean to culture, human relationships, and international relational transactions.   

In 2013 I participated in a Department of Defense seminar that considered the question, “How can social media accelerate trust?” and have since remained intrigued by the technologies driving new trust ledgers and platforms such as Bitcoin and how those technologies may be leveraged to foster trust in other aspects of the human experience. 
"
"I’m most excited about the internet of things, specifically its effects on individuals. I think that when our devices are better connected, they can better adapt the world to our intentions. 

For instance, many of us have deep connections with our cellphones. They allow us to get rides with Uber or find dates with Tinder.  Through the click of a button, our intention to do something is conveyed and, out in the world, Uber and Tinder respond.  

However, what if one's intentions were being sensed by more than just button clicks? Instead of just one’s phone, it could one’s house or clothes that are connect. For instance, what if a car was called whenever you put on your work uniform? And if you tried to leave your house without grabbing your pre-made coffee, your door knob would flash red. With one's phone, there is a button click to clearly show when you communicate your intentions. But in this situation, it would feel like the world is effortlessly anticipating to your needs. Now, I’m not saying that the particular idea of putting sensors in your clothing is the most efficient way to call an Uber, but this concept of your interconnected devices sensing your intentions and changing the world accordingly is pretty awesome. 
"
I am curious about Internet of Things because it is about connecting people and expanding the system. It is amazing to build something that can complement another thing. As a designer, I see every problem as a chance to make the user's life better. When people are connected to each other, they feel happy and safe which is my job. IoT can be something small but can also be something huge, it is beautiful to see people interacting with devices and devices interacting with each other seamlessly. It looks like magic just by a press of button or a gesture or something else. I want to create magic.
"I am the type of person that enjoys making lists, drawing commonalities between each item on that list, and building an action plan for how to complete everything in the most efficient way possible. I find myself thinking way too often: I cannot believe someone gets paid to do this. This need to reduce inefficiencies developed into a deep-seated curiosity that motivates me to seek quality solutions every day and makes me wonder what other smart connections I can create that could benefit others. The internet of things makes these connections possible, and I see the future of virtual reality as an exciting platform to achieve potential “efficiencies” that can challenge the status quo. Technology is improving rapidly and continues to transform the way people create value in society. However, execution and timing are equally, if not more important. The thought of being able to help change the way people live and giving them back lost time and money to apply is elsewhere is very exciting. 
"
I am fascinated by the potential of self-driving cars in reducing the number of car accidents and am hence keen on exploring artificial intelligence in this context. This challenge is particularly exciting as it involves the highest-level of technological sophistication but also surfaces public policy, governance and ethical questions that need to be addressed in order for this technology to scale up.
"As a recent college graduate, I believe I've heard of abundant discussion along the lines of emerging technologies in erudite dorm rooms.

There is a new and hip term circulating the tech industry and among career-hungry university students these days. It's that elusive word that excites everyone and yet no one can share a consensus on – disruptive. Wow. (I can feel you leaning in already).

The truth is, playing a game using the latest Oculus Rift or owning the latest Echo Dot doesn’t excite me nearly as much as the way innovative technology is utilized to solve significant human problems. To me, technology is most disruptive and exciting when it can impact society in positive ways.

If Infoteria's Blockchain Mijin can help a Burmese mother easily receive and store money at full-value from her husband working hard as a migrant far away, then her newfound economic empowerment to become an entrepreneur is what makes blockchain in microfinancing disruptive.

If IBM's Dr. Watson could have detected early stage cancer in my friend's twin brother last year, then their family's cohesive unit would be what makes artificial intelligence disruptive.

If the latest Oculus Rift can stop a child from crying from the fear of being cut open on an operation table, then that child's infectious smile is what makes virtual reality disruptive.

If Tesla's self-driving car can prevent me from having to take my father's car keys away from him one day, then his mobile autonomy at age ninety-nine would be what makes the Internet of Things disruptive.

Indeed, I am excited about designing for sustainability, for social innovation, for disruptive technology, for all those nebulous big-concept terms that I want to do more and talk less about. If I could, I’d like to continue this short-response by showing you how I channel my excitement into action at the CoLab makeathon. What do you say?"
There are no easy or single-party answers to the problems facing the future of our electric grid.  The Internet of Things excites me because it opens the floodgates for unprecedented connectivity -- and we need radical connectivity to realize a more efficient, resilient and customer-centered energy future. At Optimum Energy in Seattle, I helped launch an IoT solution that allows operators of heating and cooling plants to run their systems more efficiently. While HVAC systems may not sound sexy, the product fascinated me. It saved customer money while simultaneously saving carbon emissions. It was a win-win. There is power when the business, human and environmental arguments align, and I believe the IoT taps into this power by bringing more people and innovations into internet conversation.
I am fiercely interested in AR/VR and machine learning, and the potential these technologies have to make our world more sustainable. Sometime it feels as though progress in this sector is sluggish because that there are not enough people and organizations prioritizing sustainability. The solution? Up the excitement. Design and create sustainable technologies that people would be not only willing but eager to implement. What if we could use VR to enhance awareness of environmental issues, creating empathy by putting people directly in the shoes of those facing rising seas or extreme smog? What if we could harness the power of AI to automate and therefore increase the efficiency of many current technologies -- for instance, smart grids? AR/VR and AI will be instrumental in this process because they are at the forefront of this new age we are entering: the augmented age. I hope it will be new dawn for sustainability as well.
In my last years of college, I became introduced to IOT and ideas and products around the connected future and began to experiment with it.  My imagination till then had been limited to the digital realm. Working with arduino - connecting the physical and digital world opened a new world to me. I continue to be excited with VUI, VR and other emerging technologies. Working at a tech company and volunteering at a maker space has further fueled  my interests.
Design thinking is about empathy with the customers and prototype to get early feedback from them. Augmented and virtual reality allow people feel the problem or solution, which could give more deeper insights.
I believe that these digital technologies will fundamentally transform physical space and human behavior. They will challenge our assumptions about trust, collaboration, social dynamics, and privacy. For example, augmented and virtual reality as a form of communication eliminates the physical and emotional distance between people separated by space in the real world. However,  the nature of the tool produces a new set of demands for what virtual space should look like, how we should move through it, and how to best receive information from within it. I want to find the potential of these new conditions. I want to discover how our existing built environment biases the new, but also how the evolution of these technologies will construct the future. 
AI. I have been working in machine learning in my previous jobs and very excited to see the new development in the field and applied them in settings other than online advertising. 
I am so exited about the technology of augmented and virtual reality. In the world of today, there is no longer a difference between information and representation. Reality now is constructed so commonly through a synthesis of the physical and the virtual, which removes the burden of scale in showing things. I’ve done many building conservation and renovation projects in both school and professional work. Such experiences made me rethink the purpose of preserving old building, which should be more like to develop a “new” building with historical style. I think the development of augmented and virtual reality have capacities to integrate existing workflows as well as generate new methodologies, in the context of representing historic places. I am thrilled about how to efficiently enable the viewer to experience within the historical spaces and interact with its valuable heritages. By integrating multiple forms of physical and digital representations, I want let the user being as a participant instead of a spectator. 
Honestly, I don't have much development experience (yet!) with these specific technologies. Technology as a basis for design is exciting since often the technology already exists but the right mix of innovation and creativity can make an old technology into a new useful product, something that hasn't been thought of before. Designing from technology allows us to push the boundaries to new frontiers. 
Augmented and virtual reality excites me because I believe it represents an evolutionary step in the human capacity to communicate that which is personal.  Motion pictures have always been vehicles for perspective and emotion, a way to convey personal experience.  And though they have always been imperfect, with each technological advancement they have steadily improved (from silent shorts, to talkies, to color film, to digital film and CGI).  Virtual and augmented reality represents a large step forward, an exponential improvement.  I am interested in how an experience as immersive as AR/VR can be used to more effectively convey personal experiences and in that way to facilitate empathy.
The combination of the internet of things and augmented reality speaks to me as the future of knowledge and education. I imagine the coordinated ecosystems of IoT and AR to massively affect the way in which people learn. For example, imagine a fifteen-year-old learning about climate change while walking down a city street in the Bay Area. As they walk home from their high school in the Dogpatch neighborhood, using augmented reality contacts, they are suddenly standing in 3 feet of visually super-imposed water. With IoT-connected sensors in the city detecting and predicting water-level rising, the teenager can tangibly understand how high the sea level will rise in the next hundred years in their current environment. Augmented reality might then allow them to inspect how the rest of the world is affected by climate change and sea-level rising, with global sensors in a connected network, allowing them to virtually transport to an almost-entirely submerged Venice, Italy in 2100. As the teenager experiences this virtual climate change lesson, a location-based sensor attached to their device could transmit data back to their educator, letting them know that their student had experienced the immersive lesson. This is a simplified example for the potential of such technologies—a potential I find thrilling to be a part of as a designer. I hope to add sensitivity towards human-centeredness and ethics in future technologies like the internet of things and augmented reality, and work towards creating an accessible and empathetic future where learning is boundless. 
A significant hurdle to getting folks (especially young adults) to begin saving for retirement is that the future seems so far away. Too frequently, people begin seriously saving for retirement in their 50s, losing out on the compounding effect of approximately 20 years’ worth of savings. As recently cited in a Wall Street Journal article (https://t.co/xz8aemJKvD), augmented and virtual reality can play a significant role in overcoming this hurdle. Studies have shown that when people can see their future / aged selves they become more conscientious about their longer-term futures. Augmented / virtual reality can help offer that experience (of visualizing your future self) to a reluctant saver and motivate more optimal behavior. 
"I really enjoy listening to tech experts speak. The excitement that lies in technology for me is to know what’s the new-next. The unpredictability that comes with each new innovation, and how a simple idea can be transformed with each new achievement in the field. I believe by the end of the day, it is about the people whom this technology can serve. A recent example of this is Pokemon Go, bringing people out from their homes into public spaces using augmented reality. 
Also, what I find fascinating is using passively measured human input like number of footsteps or GPS tracking for analysis to create an output. I believe these new technologies allow us to focus on the project aim without intruding in on people’s thoughts.

I received my Masters in Design Studies (M.Des.) in 'Technology' and 'Art, Design and the Public Domain' in May, 2016, from Harvard University's Graduate School of Design (GSD).  My research at the GSD was aimed at finding new ways of making people interact through creating new and novel experiences. I worked with different forms of digital and interactive media that were new for me like projection, sound, responsive technologies, 3D printing etc.
My Thesis project was based on designing an alternate sound based navigation application to traditional applications like Google maps. The project started by analyzing publicly available data sets to analyze existing patterns of human behavior."
I believe these emerging technologies could be solution to our needs for e.g IOT in manufacturing, health care would help reduce human error 
I'm really excited about IoT - much of my master's work this year has focused on creating objects and environments that sense and react, and I'm developing maker workshops with the MIT Media Lab that engage kids in tinkering with Arduino, sensors, circuitry, art, and more. Currently I'm working on data-driven objects and installations for a class at Harvard's Graduate School of Design. I'm also exploring AR/VR through formative user research at the Museum of Science, specifically the new Starfield Swing exhibit, which immerses the user in the galaxy. IoT and AR/VR offer really interesting possibilities to connect people, make lives easier, and encourage new explorations and understanding of the world. I haven't worked with blockchain and AI, and would love to start. 
"I am especially excited and intrigued in the increasing connectivity that the internet of things (IoT) will generate. Despite the rising political climate towards isolationism in some parts of the world, globally we are becoming more integrated and I doubt this is going to stop soon. Given this climate, what I find most exhilarating in an IoT ecosystem is that beyond connecting devices, we will be able to connect people. When used effectively I believe IoT can be the innovative solution to developing a more seamless and integrated collaboration between sectors. 

Having explored different avenues of tackling social issues from non-profit to impact investing, I came to conclude that a needle-moving approach in addressing complex issues such as urban poverty ultimately needs cross-sectoral solutions. While there is a growing appetite for collaboration between business, government and non-profits, I still see a significant lack of communication between these players. Information sharing within an organization is often difficult, this problem is exacerbated when working across organizations with different systems. 

Data sharing is one example. I experienced this frustration when working as a monitoring and evaluation officer on a USAID project where I had to coordinate and analyze data from various local partners. Many of the data came in different formats and submitted through multiple channels, which required me to manually reformat and centralize. These extra steps took up much of my time especially when I had to do it monthly given USAID’s reporting requirements. Unfortunately, this was not a unique instance as I continue to face similar issues in other organizations regardless of which sector I was in. Conversations with friends and colleagues only confirmed this pattern further.

Yet, with IoT I envision the birth of new systems where data and information will automatically sync. Manpower can then be better utilized and we can devote more time and energy to form and implement better strategies instead of focusing on less impactful tasks such as cleaning and integrating data. Moreover, when we zoom out, this change will not only benefit organizations and businesses but cities and nations will also be transformed as well. The way I see it, IoT is not simply a breakthrough in technology but a tool to break our siloes and foster more partnerships. "
"As I walked out of an Adidas outlet store in Lahaina sporting my shiny new Tiro training pants, a thought strolled into my mind. What if I created a simple script in which I input the colors of all my clothes, which will randomly generate an outfit for me? No, no, that’s silly. It’d probably end up spitting a monochromatic blob. I pocketed the idea in my mind.

Fast forward six months. I learned about machine learning - the idea that a relatively simple algorithm, when provided with millions of “training sets”, can become brilliant. Something clicked, and the fashion idea resurfaced. I saw a product that could change fashion: something that doesn’t just track one’s clothing, but can factor in what one already owns and what is trending through social media. I saw an app that could tell every boyfriend exactly what to piece together to go from awkward turtle to dapper gentleman. But most importantly, I saw an app that can change how a person feels about what they’re wearing. What if the app could make novel conclusions itself – telling by the outfits that interest a user how they subconsciously wants to dress? 

To make this vision a reality, I need to understand the intersection between artificial intelligence, psychology, and fashion. I envision technical neurofashion will give people a new level of confidence and vibrance in their attire. "
"These technologies excite me because I want to explore the intersection of biology and technology and its potential for social good. I am fascinated by the medical applications of augmented and virtual reality and the internet of things. There is a whole new realm of information that is now available. I would very much like to learn some of the skills that will allow me to explore the patterns that develop. I want to work with high dimensional data because I believe these areas of exploration offer patterns that can impact and transform many fields. I hope to learn how to understand, interpret, and translate these patterns through the design thinking skills exercised at the CoLab.
"
I am extremely excited about artificial intelligence because of its potential to solve some of the most pressing challenges of our time and to better the lives of so many people. As humans we are quite intelligent beings, so far the most intelligent that we are aware of. However, as products of biology, we run into limitations in our ability such as processing speed, memory and physical fragility. These are all things that we have been able to design systems to overcome. We have seen so far that to apply even a shred of logical ability to these more rugged machines opens the potential for incredible progress in disaster prevention and alleviation, consumer electronics, energy systems, digital media and so much more. What excites me the most about AI is that the frameworks currently in existence can be applied in so many different, interesting ways to new, yet to be addressed, problems. While I believe we are a long way off from the day when robots rule the world, I believe the day is today that people find new ways to use AI to make the world a better place.   
I have a passion for innovative technology that improve, re-shape and change the way organizations and people operate. In particular, having participated in the Harvard’s Internet of Things seminar and taken James H. Waldo’s Technology and Privacy class I became fascinated about AI and Internet of Things. Being an optimist and a huge believer in the potential of technology I want to deep dive deeper into those areas to understand what solutions these technologies can offer to US society and people around the world. 
"Each of these technologies present a treasure of opportunities that not only need to be harnessed optimally but have to be managed in the ever changing context of the radical changes in International Relations.

I am happy to say that I have finally found the starting blocks regarding these exciting fields, taken on a couple of prestigious projects(Social Networks Analysis@MIT Development Lab, Fletcher Social Impact Group ) and am leading the Technology Club housed within the Hitachi Center at Fletcher."
I think that these technologies will drastically change our lives. However, they are at the very early stage of commercial application and ordinary users are just starting to touch with these technologies. So it is important to not only develop technology for the sake of technological progress, but to actually purposefully make efforts to adapt it to the needs of the users, make it really work for the common good. I am especially excited for the emergence of artificial intelligence, because while the other listed technologies are more or less incremental steps in progress that change the way some of the things are done, artificial intelligence can revolutionize every field it touches from automatically sorting all of the pictures of your dog in your library to helping doctors find tumors and lawyers prepare for court cases. That’s why proper tools to help democratize this technology for real users and allow them to leverage it are so important.
I'm interested in blockchain technology and ways it could be used as a social enterprise to better lives of those who are economically distressed or disempowered. I think it's potentially life changing if a person could receive funds directly without depending on an institution or organization. 
 VR: most excited about its potential applications in product design tools; AI: most excited about its immediate application to transport, complex system optimization (e.g. logistics, energy); blockchain: most excited about its application towards improving equitable access to opportunity (e.g. Microwork.io); IoT: most excited about industrial machinery and agriculture applications. As mentioned above, I am working on developing a PhD research project within human-centred automation in complex socio-technical systems. More specifically, I am interested in exploring how the nature of work in product development and production will change as we enter the Fourth Industrial Revolution.  In particular, I am interested in developing a series of case-studies, workshops, and experiments to explore how exponentially improving technologies can be best leveraged towards improving the effectiveness of decentralized social production.  If you are interested in learning more about the research project I would like to develop, you can read my current notes ROUGH ;) here - FEEDBACK ENTHUSIASTICALLY WELCOMED!: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1olfyauWO38ntZZ-GVONOra8jENoIBMWrjppBam8M2-E/edit?usp=sharing
"Virtual Reality peeked my interest because of its almost limitless potential in immersing the user in the shoes of someone else. The New York Times, Vrse, and the Washington Post have been experimenting with the application of VR 360 videos to tell stories and have created some that breath empathy into the user. The most innovative work across the board is coming from the creation of interactive and ever changing worlds that the user can move around in using Unity or the Unreal Engine. Three of my favorite experiences are  Hunger in Los Angeles, Notes on Blindness and A Way to Go. Each are an extremely different but all elicit extremely complicated and deep emotions that are universal. Inside of them you are reminded what it means to sympathize, wonder, and explore.

http://www.immersivejournalism.com/hunger-in-los-angeles-machinima-video/
http://www.notesonblindness.co.uk/vr/
http://a-way-to-go.com/

In the fall I organized a talk with Matt Weiss about some of the technological innovations that IDEO was currently working on in its Colab. Blockchains were one of the most interesting topics because of the accountability and security that was inherently designed into the tech. Its untapped applications in politics fascinates me because of its ability to possibly present a solution to a lack of transparency and honesty in government. "
My main interest and field of study lies in public health. I am particularly interested in making affordable and viable health systems and devices, viewing minimizing health disparities as the first and necessary step for creating equitable communities. I am extremely excited about the potential that IoT holds as it is at the forefront of bridging the technological divide. By expanding the connectivity of devices and services to a large information platform, IoT enables more people to gain access to better quality services that would otherwise not be accessible. From improving testing services in remote clinics to giving individuals the ability to self monitor their health conditions by using connected devices to many other opportunities beyond healthcare, the possibilities to innovate with IoT are endless. Moreover, as someone with a background in engineering and visual design, I enjoy the fact that IoT serves as an interface between the virtual and the physical.
AR/VR are going to completely redefine our interaction with the world as we know it. I was one of the giddy developers that purchased Google Glass when it first came out, got some strange looks from people when I wore it outside, and racked my brain for how best to take advantage of this new platform. Between the work Facebook is doing with Oculus, Microsoft with HoloLens, and Magic Leap, our X Reality future will revolutionize safety through better training and on-the-job information, transform education through personalized instruction, and unparalleled entertainment potential - not to mention all of the new applications we haven't even imagined! These industries are the next major interaction paradigm shift and I'm incredibly excited to be a contributing member of this journey.
"
I am very interested in the internet of things, which is making everything come to live. Internet of things can make us and the environment knows each others better. Also, this idea is full of possibility. It can connect many medias to create a system that is very smart because it is learning from the world including some information that we are not getting using human senses. I think in the future, wearable would be a huge part of it, because body gesture, blood flow, heat…are convenient and intuitive media when sending messages about our mind. Also, the development of psychology would also help this process because it can help us understand how we think and behave better. On the other hand, the connection may also help us in psychology as well. 

VR and AR are kind of not so new to us anymore. To many people, those means better visual effect and experiencing another world in games. I think this fascinate people for various reasons. One of those would be one want to be that character in the game rather than one's real self. VR & AR fascinates me not only because I can experience anything but also be anyone. I think reality is not only limiting our behavior but also limiting the developing of our identity and the self. I am also thinking about the virtual profile of people, does that have to be a person with a face, or it can be just information. What is the self or what can be the self?"
Right now I'm most interested in augmented reality because it avoids many of the biological limitations associated with VR (like motion sickness). Present computing technologies are still somewhat inadequate for true AR experiences, but this will likely change in the next 5-10 years. AR has the potential to allow humans to fully interface with their digital and physical environments in a seamless way. It could also greatly improve the situation for people with disabilities by simulating locomotion and converting and translating between various sensory input and outputs (such as visual to sound/bass). The potential opportunities for gaming and commerce are even more promising, from truly immersive gaming to accurate, virtual dressing rooms in the comfort of your own home.
I've been in leadership at the Harvard Computer Society for a couple months now and we've been discussing the possibilities of emerging technologies for months. Every other week, we host tech news meetings, where we sit and discuss emerging tech. What excites me about VR/AR or AI three-pronged: 1. technology giants are creating cooler and more convenient pieces of usable tech, 2. the pieces of tech can affect our college on a small scale, for example in the interfaces we create for the entire school to use, and 3. emerging tech takes skill, discipline, strategy, and science to  integrate into society. The sheer potential and the challenge of layering emerging technology into usable products excites me!
All of these technologies are really interesting, but I think I’m most excited about Augmented and Virtual Reality because they have important potential to build empathy in new ways. With AR and VR that old adage “see yourself in my shoes” becomes very concrete. I saw this clearly during my winter fellowship with the CoLab just last month. My team worked on a project meant to encourage home energy saving behavior by helping kids visualize a polar bear grow stronger or weaker depending on how good their actions were for the environment. If a child washes dishes by hand instead of using a dish washer, for example, the polar bear, shown over time as part of the home through an AR app, would grow stronger. I think this capacity for empathy-building has the potential to reshape behaviors in exciting ways. By visualizing situations in new ways (especially as we start to think of AR and VR as transcending simply sight into other senses like smell and sound) how can we reshape the way people view other to encourage kinder, more sustainable, fun, or otherwise productive behaviors? 
I obsess over optimization and IoT is exciting for me since it allows the physical world to be optimized in the same way that we seamlessly optimize our digital worlds through aggregation. By nature, IoT  encourages collaboration by  connects technology with other technology.
I believe that bringing together HCD, exponential technologies, and sustainable business models is the only way to design and scale innovations in healthcare in Africa. Over the last five years, I analyzed over 6000 innovations in Africa to realize that all of the most successful ones have these three components. I am focused on emerging technologies in three ways: 1) I am working closely with the Singularity University to develop a join workshop program with Harvard. (I was admitted to their Global Solutions Program last year). 2) I am working on a venture that leverages machine learning and mobile healthcare delivery to predict treatment defaulters’ rate for HIV and TB patients in Africa. That is based on my field user research in South Africa and Lesotho. 3) As a part of the VIP Incubation program at I-Lab, and the MIT digital health workshop, I am also taking part in a series of workshops on VR, AR, IoT and their application for social impact. I am truly passionate about improving the lives of the most marginalized populations through technology and design. I would be honored to be part of your workshop, and, hopefully, the IDEO Fellowship. 
"Theodore Levitt said, “Ideas are useless unless used. The proof of their value is in their implementation.” Technology is a powerful driver of innovation and by extension, our futures. Utilizing two mirrors to control a laser beam was the core idea that made Selective Laser Sintering possible and led to the creation of Additive Manufacturing. A simple idea led to the disruption of global manufacturing we see today. I want to identify the next disruption.

The space which I believe needs that disruption is the energy sector. Sustainability is a value I hold dear and believe should be a core influencer for all future technologies. The advancements in artificial intelligence and the internet of things open a world of possibilities to eliminating the inefficiencies of energy consumption in the United States. One of the biggest challenges with the adoption of renewable energy is the costly infrastructure needed to be overhauled on such a large scale. I see the introduction of smaller microgrids in residential sectors as a potential solution to this challenge. It is a prime area in which AI and the IoT can thrive.

Imagine a world where my blender can talk to your coffee machine in the morning and negotiate energy consumption. Imagine a world where my solar panel knows it will be cloudy on Tuesday and asks your wind turbines for some extra power. Imagine a world where my house trades energy to a local grocery store for credit without me even having to think about it. AI and the IoT can make this a reality in the energy sector. It is just a small slice of the possibilities that will be seen in the near future. I am pursuing design to usher in these disruptions and I am excited to a part of the process."
My two most interesting fields are augmented reality and the internet of things! This is mainly because I like working with tangible things. Being able to touch them make me feel attached to them. And also, I believe that in order to make a more fluent interface between human and technology, tangible products are a very important part to explore. I've been trying out designing AR and IoT interactions in class projects, and am looking forward to achieve more in the makeathon!
The internet of things really excites me! I've worked with different IoT platforms, and what IoT enables—frictionless interfaces between us and our devices—is really cool. Being able to monitor your home remotely (Nest), or even record your heartbeat from your phone (https://www.ideo.com/case-study/the-next-generation-heart-monitor). And I can't wait to see where we will take IoT next.
Virtual reality excites me in its relationship to infinite and finite space. To conceptualize this, I compare virtual to physical space. If we think about walking in a city, we will see a range of architectures that will prompt memories or cultural associations. For example, my family lives in Italy and I have studied Rome as part of my education.  When I see a building with marble columns it immediately connects me to certain memories and knowledge. I am navigating both my present and past in a moment, which I argue requires a finite physical space.  In a virtual reality, we instead navigate an infinite plane of the present, where we are in a surface of information that exists only now. Memory and meaning built around physical space is sucked out, and intangible space lets us confront present sensation in a unique way. As a student with a background in design and the history of architecture, I am interested in exploring the relationship between time, space, and experience.
"I am very interested in blockchain technology and it’s potential for impact beyond the scope of cryptocurrencies as well as the internet of things and how it will fundamentally change our daily lives and increase the function of our everyday products. However, I am, at the moment, most interested in artificial intelligence and augmented and virtual reality. Specifically, I am interested in how these technologies will and are changing the way in which humans interface with computers. 

Following the punchcard era of computing, we have largely interfaced with computers by viewing processes through a 2-dimensional screen, whether through a command line interface or a modern GUI. While we have seen the introduction of mice, keyboards, trackpads, and the touchscreen, which have all certainly made their impact, it has still been viewed through that same screen, even if at a increasingly higher resolutions. With AR, VR, and AI, this has the potential to change drastically. While we are initially seeing AR and VR products and prototypes that are either for gaming purposes or are just taking that same two-dimensional screen and having it hover in front of the user’s face, this is the first step towards realizing an entirely new paradigm for interacting with computers. With the restriction of two dimensions lifted, there is an incredible potential to change the way in which we think of the computer. 

Similarly, while likely farther in the future, AI has this same potential. While we are now seeing the rise of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and its benefits to business and even personal matters, it is still largely a supplementary technology. It takes the things we already have and makes them more efficient or brings some other improvement. However, in the future, artificial intelligence may be the way in which we interface, or rather don’t interface, with computers. If your phone (if we are even calling it a phone at that point) has artificial intelligence that is so advanced that it can essentially know what you need or want to do at any point, then what is the need for the human to directly interact with it at all? It could do everything you need it to do, without even asking. While computers may always require at least some level of user engagement, it is interesting to think about the extent to which artificial intelligence can reduce the need for us to constantly be touching our typing on our devices. 

While the advancement of these technologies to this level is likely a far way into the future, I am very excited to see the foundations of that future being created today, and can hopefully be a part of laying that foundation.
"
The Internet of Things is a field I am fascinated by, and I am certainly excited for a chance to work on any IoT projects. IoT technologies involve integration of computer programming and all its possibilities into the daily lives of people all around the world in almost every possible way. They can serve to simplify both trivial and significant interactions, but also as solutions for many larger problems in society, ranging from medical obstacles to environmental dilemmas. I believe they represent the future and the revolutionary role of technology moving forward. 
In my opinion, if we are to change anything about the way we live, in order to live more sustainably and/or create a better future, the IoT needs to be fleshed out and developed to a much greater extent than it has been up until this point. No longer can we afford to think about hardware, software, data and services as distinct fields - each influences and depends on the others for its design and implementation. The closer we get to large scale IoT networks, the more information we will have and the faster we will be able to adapt/iterate. The Internet of Things gives us an unprecedented opportunity to develop feasible smart grids, smart cities, lifesaving medical devices, and gives us the chance to improve human life all over the globe! 
"Consumers of brands, products, and services increasingly find themselves engaging and interacting with multiple platforms - mobile, desktop, brick-and-mortar, desktop etc. However, the customer experience is not always of a consistent quality across all these platforms. I am interested in exploring how artificial intelligence and the internet of things can be used to create an integrated platform that provides a seamless end-to-end customer experience. Of particular interest to me is how this can be applied in the retail industry. 

I am also interested in how the above technologies can be used to anticipate user needs and design products and services to meet them. For example, this may include generating automatic orders based on a user’s past purchases, interests, and buying patterns; improving personalization and recommendation services, and providing customers with data to aid them in their decision-making process."
Given my interest in connecting people to opportunities, I am particularly excited by artificial intelligence.  There has been a lot of discussion in the media about the future of work. (e.g. WSJ & NYTimes columns on “Future of Work”, panel discussion on “Fourth Industrial Revolution” at World Economic Forum in Davos). Many individuals fear artificial intelligence because they view increased automation as a threat to people’s jobs. However, The World Economic Forum’s 2016 Human Capital Report notes that “a nation’s human capital endowment—the knowledge and skills embodied in individuals that enable them to create economic value —can be a more important determinant of its long-term success than virtually any other resource.” I believe artificial intelligence can help us build a more sustainable global workforce. As we continue to automate certain tasks and processes, we must simultaneously invest in education. By doing this, we can (and must) foster a culture of continuous education, personal improvement and adaptability where people are nimble enough to not only conquer the current job market, but also to adapt to the job markets of the future where certain skills will need to shift and shape.
My cousin Judith lost her eyesight when she was five years old due to a brain tumor. She can still remember what colors look like or what it was like to draw a picture and built a sandcastle on the beach, but she is physically no longer able to experience these things, because her vision and physical mobility prevent her. Augmented and virtual reality have the power to make her overcome at least some of her disability and built sandcastles again in her parents’ living room. The technologies, together with smart content, have the potential to empower the most vulnerable groups in our society: handicapped people like Judith, for instance, or students from all parts of society can now have the same experiences. AR and VR can have a convening and democratizing power that makes me excited. 
"I am glad you asked (and that this textbox is so large) ! I will split my excitement among two topic areas of AR/VR and IoT:

:: Augmented & Virtual Reality :: 

I am very excited about the possibilities of people using their whole body to engage in learning in everyday contexts, and I feel that augmented reality and the internet of things has immense potential to tap into this. Theories of embodied cognition and experiential learning are built on the premise that human cognition evolves from physically interacting with the world - essentially, the way we think is rooted in the objects we interact with, and in the ways our body affords interaction. This type of learning is engaged when we have technologies to augment the physical world with virtual information, and when our physical actions can transform the real and virtual objects around us.

My PhD in Human Centered Computing at Georgia Tech involved researching and designing augmented reality applications for elementary-school children, focusing on quantitative and qualitative research studies on children, as well as theoretical analysis of how embodied technologies (AR/VR/MR) can be used for education. Through this research and through my work with PBS KIDS, I discovered that augmented reality is better than other non-AR technologies for several reasons, such as: changing representation of information so it is easier to understand, being able to represent abstract information into a physical form (ex: representing not just invisible physical phenomena such as ""magnetic fields"", but also abstract concepts such as ""music"" or ""honesty"" as physical objects which can be interacted with), creating memorable and engaging experiences which are remembered much easier and longer, allowing people to collaborate in 3D environments, etc. 

All these affordances allow people to view information that was not visible before, in a form that is physically manipulable. This is especially useful for young children which move from interacting with the concrete world, to understanding more abstract concepts perhaps at an earlier age than normally possible with other teaching methods. 

I also am excited about the possibilities for using AR/VR technology to measure and improve children's developing skills in domains of physical motor skills and 3D spatial reasoning. I found that as children's physical and cognitive skills change across age, this shows significant correlations with their performance in AR games; thus it is possible to design games that assess and adapt to young children's abilities. This makes me excited that this technology has many possibilities for engaging learning and personal improvement through body interaction. 

:: Internet of Things and AI ::

I am interested in IoT because I like smart environments which are well integrated with human values. I like to think that a human being is not just a body, but is a thing that extends, affects, and integrates with information and other things in their environments; and the easier we make this integration, the more powerful human beings will become, and the more useful the environments will become.

As an example from my work, as a hobby I am building intelligent context-reactive objects. I love tinkering with technology and learning new things, so in the last few years I have taught myself electronics (working with Arduino and Raspberry Pi), thus I have built random things like laser projectors, volumetric cubes, music-reactive networked objects, etc. But I ran into an issue: I made a physical cube which created beautiful light effects, and I wanted to connect that to other objects in my house, such as my light switches, my MIDI controller, my phone, my Kinect; and, to connect it to other knowledge from the internet, such as the traffic outside my house, or my email inbox. Because of a lack of standards, I was forced to create my own networking protocols, which were hardcoded to perform only the functions I had programmed into the software. I wish for the day where there are standards for connecting items, and where I can use a visual system or augmented reality to create links and functions between objects in my environment. That sort of technology has strong potential, I feel, for helping people transform their environments. 

In my past I have also worked on creating an infrastructure for distributed agents, which are artificial intelligence entities which travel through a network of devices, autonomously discovering services and solving tasks. This kind of thing is also achievable in the internet of things, and can have great power in allowing people to use the physical and virtual resources available in their environment. But it requires standards, artificial intelligence, and authoring tools which people can use to describe and connect information & services. I feel there is great potential here, but also a need for user-centered design."
"With a Bachelor in Mechatronics Engineering, I’m naturally excited about emerging technologies. My masters in Strategic Foresight and Innovation and working as a Design Strategist helped me develop new insights into how to think about these technologies from the individual, economic, and political perspectives. While there is great potential in all four technologies, AI and IoT pique my interest the most.

IoT: While consumer IoT has risen in popularity over the years, I believe the potential impact of IoT on infrastructure is often overlooked. As an example, the smart grid not only helps the existing grid become more reliable, efficient, and responsive, but will also create a spillover effect on other industries such as renewable energy, electric vehicles, and consumer IoT. Evolving our infrastructure with IoT requires designing at the system level, which I am excited by. How might we design systems that reward diverse stakeholders for collaborating and doing their part in evolving our infrastructure?

AI: The way we think about AI - a computerized “butler” - is coloured by decades of pop culture. While we are far from creating this kind of Generalized AI, Specialized AI is already everywhere. An example is Snoo, a smart bassinet that responsively rocks babies to sleep, reducing the health impacts that shortage of sleep can have on parents and the baby. I’m excited about Specialized AI because despite its vast potential, we have yet to figure out a way to methodically identify and capture opportunities to elegantly integrate it into the world around us. How might we use AI to reduce unwanted complexity and help people achieve their aspirations, in a way that sustainably creates value rather than as a short lived marketing stunt? What are tools and heuristics that designers can use to conceive of and test new applications for Specialized AI?"
"I was recently provoked and inspired by a story about an Amazon Dash button that was adapted for donation to the ACLU. While incremental in many ways, the ability to impulsively affect the socio-political world through a physical object seems a dimensional shift for both one-touch control and civic engagement. One could see such IoT convenience shaping new paradigms for political feedback, political parties handing out buttons, and eventually (with growing acceptance) the automation of involvement-by-donation. What could happen if donations were triggered by government tweets just like stock bots are now? And perhaps more optimistically, how could blockchain enhance trust in the feedback systems of a responsive government?

I’m also very interested (it’s such an exciting time!) in the interaction and experience of automated systems—especially driving. What happens when untrained drivers are making assumptions about their semi-automated car’s capabilities? I think it’s a fascinating question, considering that a significant percentage of aviation accidents are related to “mode confusion” with automation—and those are highly trained pilots! Further, I’m interested in how variable cultural norms might necessitate variable automation architectures to achieve reliable results. 
"
"The more I learn and think about the Internet of Things, the more I’m excited by its potential!
One thing which I am especially excited about is IOT integration into the built environment. I think there is an incredible opportunity for things like infrastructure monitoring, resource management and environmental sensing. Placing sensors etc. into an urban environment could create information for powerful, data-driven change. What if this information was combined with geo-located twitter data and sentiment analysis? That combination might be incredibly useful. Perhaps this combination could be used to see how citizens of a city respond to new traffic-flow patterns, or how they react to differing levels of air-pollution. I’m just throwing these ideas out there – there is a lot to be untangled here. At the same time, though, the data delivery system for this kind of information needs to be incredibly well-designed. City political systems are strained and individuals who might make use of this data need to be thought of and designed for. With the correct understanding of the user-group who would use it and a robust implementation system, I really think this aspect of the IOT could be an exciting next step. 

Something else about the IOT that I’ve been growing interested in is the opportunity for data collection and analysis on an individual scale. To me, at least, it’s incredibly intriguing to learn more about my individual habits. At the same time, though, I see the potential for issues that could use a design solution. Specifically, how does having access to that kind of minute, detailed information help vs. harm an individual? For example, there already are documented cases of Fitbits reigniting eating disorders in their users. A question that strikes me has to do with the responsibility of the device-designer vs. the responsibility of the individual to anticipate and prevent these kinds of negative effects. I think companies and IOT designers should keep this in mind and implement safeguards to support their users. Perhaps I am expecting too much of the product and should be expecting more of the consumer, but I do think it is something important to think about. And, as the IOT progresses, I think it is important to keep such ethical issues in mind.
"
I love taking seemingly complicated things and making them simple to understand or use. What excites me most about emerging technology is the Internet of Things. When I first heard the term, I thought, “Huh? I know the internet, now what are these ’things’”. Unlike other emerging technologies, I think IOT has the potential to subtract complications in homes, cities, businesses and more rather than add.
Today’s exponential growth of increasingly sophisticated and intelligent devices is giving birth to new methods of communication that are being seamlessly integrated within our societies. These permanent changes are re-shaping the face of our economies and markets that make it difficult to imagine the future 20, 10, and even 5 years from now. I believe that as designers we must live in the future and build what’s missing. Designers become a critical link to the progress of human-machine interactions, rallying the talent, diversity, culture, and creative capital necessary to spare us from Hollywood’s dystopian future of tyrannical artificial intelligence. As an Information, Communication, and Technology major I specialized my studies in the applications of virtual and augmented reality technologies in my coursework and extracurricular efforts. And as the Vice President and PR Chair of FSU’s SIGGRAPH chapter I am committed to propelling student participation in future of innovation and feel very optimistic about the extension of human creativity enabled by machine intelligence.
On a teaching trip to Italy a year ago, I got the chance to visit a company that was using IoT to allow factory operators to control every machine in their factory remotely and in real-time, through an interface that laid out all the machineries in the factory. It looked like one of the Flash games in Neopets that I used to play when I was younger, and the operator could zoom in on individual machines to monitor their status and make adjustments. As a mechanical engineering student, I’m excited to see the sort of automation in factories that IoT promises. I’m excited to see what it’ll bring to robotics. I think of smart homes, straight from science fiction movies. On snowy days in Boston I imagine there being sensors all over the city that monitor snow accumulation and traffic patterns to allow for safer and more efficient traffic. IoT will be integral in enabling smart cities, and as someone who has grown up and lived in a city all of my life, and will probably continue to do so, this is something that is of personal importance to me. 
The internet of things really interests me because I have worked on a super cool internet car project before. With IoT cars are built with another thinking center, which is the internet and data. Human's critical problem of big-city transportation could be solved, and it could bring positive changes to the earth. IoT brings data and service together for people to develop a new way to many social challenges. 
I am especially excited about AR/VR technology because of the infinite possibilities these technology could bring and my experience of working on related products. While interning at Shanghai Muchidea, an industrial design studio in summer 2016, I worked on a project using AR/VR related technology to help the blind “see” the world. While the studio was also working on projects like VR cameras and VR glasses, I was able to gain first hand knowledge and experience in the AR/VR technology. This experience also made me realize that the application of these technologies still awaits our exploration. I am excited about the future of these emerging technologies and bringing our imaginations about these technologies into reality. 
"For me augmented and virtual reality is of deep interest. As an architecture student, the field is going towards VR, and is currently in the stages of AR at this very moment! The architecture firm I worked at last summer had HoloLens set up and was already using it to show clients what their potential space could look like. It’s really intriguing to be designer in a time where design is really taking off with the new technology.  
perspectives, while also preserving what I did learn in Biology- such as the scientific method- which helps in design process thinking. 

It’s a really interesting time to be a designer when IoT is going full force. We’re at a point now, asking ourselves, “Do we need to be connected all the time?” As designers, this is a crucial time where we could decide how IoT proceeds in the future- what we make (or don’t make) could determine the future of IoT. It’s definitely an exciting field to be in! 
"
Artificial intelligence and IoT devices both really excite me. Artificial Intelligence can help us reduce the cost of many tasks and make them more accurate (cancer diagnosis) and safer (e.g self-driving cars). It could also help us make new discoveries like in computational biology and understand human intelligence, and as a result, ourselves more. IoT on the other hand can really take the power of technology to the next level and collect a huge amount of data that I am sure can be very valuable.
"Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality is one of the most undeveloped technologies of today and a huge area for potential growth. Monolith companies like Microsoft and Apple have acknowledged the power of these technologies going forward but haven’t entered the software foray themselves, stepping back and giving frameworks (respectively the Hololens, the iPhone) to developers without doing actual innovation in the space themselves. This is a new industry, no one is positive where it’s going to turn, but there is a huge understanding that it will make a turn somewhere. And I think it will take a turn towards bringing countries out of poverty.
The potential application of VR and AR to increasing literacy and creativity in underdeveloped and developing countries excites me to my core. The best predictor of a country’s economic health is the country’s education system and that often is the reason economists say that a country lags in their development. There’s no current way to give the hands-on tools, like labs, equipment and chemicals, to develop the science skills of these students who want to learn but don’t have the means to. No current way to teach kids physics by giving varied examples or creative problems to solve. No current way to help kids visualize projects and create prototypes the way you can with 3D printing. VR and AR have the potential to change the world, to bring countries out of poverty by enabling the bright young minds that exist in every country to dream and, even more importantly, achieve. There’s a chance for true goodness in VR by enabling real greatness in people. 
"
"As an architect I'm constantly visualizing things that haven't been built. But I'm no diehard fan of any one rendering software, because I know that there are better modes of representation yet to be made. Virtual reality represents, to me, the most pivotal change in how we imagine spaces digitally since the first visual CAD software—and historically, that has always meant an expansion in our ability to imagine new spaces. There's groundbreaking aesthetic research to be done.

But what most excites me is that the visual designer could soon be joined or augmented by artificial intelligence. We've always thought that art and science were separate, but who says we can't systematize aesthetics? Use evolutionary algorithms to invent new building types? Use machine learning to answer questions of urban planning? I figure it's worth a go."
I'm interested in all of these technologies, but I'm especially excited about augmented and virtual reality! Through my graduate work, I've been exploring how technology can be leveraged to support education, and I believe AR/VR have a lot of potential to bring engaging, enriching experiences to students. As one example, I've been working on several projects centered around second language acquisition. To support effective learning transfer, it's important that the learning scenario closely mimics the real-life application of the knowledge. VR provides an amazing, immersive way to help students practice a foreign language and actually retain what they learn for future use in scenarios like the ones simulated.
Many of my recent design projects seek to promote empathy and compassion among people who are seemingly different. Given the current state of political polarization in the U.S. and abroad, this mission has become even more important to me. AR and VR present unique opportunities to design for empathy, by exposing people to different perspectives and immersing them in different realities. I am excited to take my understanding of VR/AR to the next level at the Makeathon. 
"Artificial intelligence and the Internet of things are going to shape our future. In fact, they are already part of our everyday lives. Today we can press on our devices, talk to an invisible third person that would translate our voice into text than helps us deliver that message. But who is this invisible person that lives in our devices and how does he/she help us communicate? And what will be the future of our interaction with something that is quickly becoming familiar but still remains mysterious for many people?
At the same time I have been exploring the opportunities for utilizing the Internet of things to help the aging population with activities of daily living such as medication and nutrition management as well as to stay connected with their most important relationships. I believe that when we consider IOT not only as the Internet of things, but also as the internet of information, places and people we will be able to discover how these ideas can come together to make a difference in the world.
"
"
As a Statistics concentrator, I value the power of numbers and mathematical equations, but I value the application of statistical analysis even more. Choosing to pursue a specific data science track within my major, the current buzz around data science and artificial intelligence fascinates me. Starting from my junior summer of high school as bioinformatics intern at the City of Hope Cancer Research Center, I have continuously fostered my interest in machine learning and how predictive algorithms can shape the world’s most pressing issues. What used to only be in movies have now entered the home, through technology such as Amazon’s Echo Dot (Alexa), increasingly user-tailored Facebook algorithms, and self-driving cars. AI is being pushed into every sector, from the variety of smarter, cloud-computing fintech startups to apps that are revolutionizing personalized healthcare. "
"The technology that excites me the most is augmented and virtual reality because it has the opportunity to benefit various industries. It has the possibility of making people be fully immersed in entertainment like video games or movies. It gives the user the ability to have a greater experience and allows them to become fully engaged and more interested in various subjects. 

Also, I think it allows for an increase in empathy to be able to be immersed and experience events, such as being in a small or experience police violence, more fully. I think it gives technologist, designers, and users the opportunity to grow closer and become more understanding of various topics they are unable to experience otherwise. "
"I think Blockchains and VR/AR are two of the most exciting fields of emerging technology out today. Certainly, with VR/AR the possibilities seem rather endless, especially when considering the possible integration of Brain-Computer Interface, allowing for cognitive control of a virtual reality experience. I find the intersection of entertainment and media in VR a very promising one, as VR experiences are becoming more and more immersive. This will allow for many possibilities for musicians and other artists like to immerse their audiences in their art form, and give a new meaning to their work. A very simple and intuitive example would be for musicians to include a VR experience for their music videos. Currently music videos are simply a visual accompaniment for their art, however in the future, I can see a VR-based experience will be essential in the understanding of the message they are trying to portray through their music. 

Furthermore, with the aforementioned Brain-Computer interface, movies and video games would merge as one common media format, and allow the users to ""choose-as-you-go"" through their conscious cognitive decisions. While, this technology is not fully viable yet, it has a very promising future.

"
I find an extreme interest and passion for all of these emerging technologies because they pose a question to the way we live and the way we do everyday activities. They have the potential of improving many aspects of our lives while at the same time posing a threat to our own human existence. I'm thrilled to be part of the design+tech movement where design thinking will play a decisive role in emerging technologies.
"I see an incredible window of opportunity for the use of augmented and virtual reality. We’ve barely been able to explore our current world and now we have the opportunity to explore uncharted territories in creating entire virtual environments – whether by augmenting our existing one or by generating entirely new ones. As someone who strongly believes in the power of imagination and adventurous spirit, virtual and augmented reality allow us to translate our fascinating ideas and convey them to others in the most real forms. 

The budding opportunity for the use of augmented and virtual reality in education is something that particularly fuels my fire. Having taught middle schoolers math and literacy, college students computer science, and the immigrant elderly population the English language, one of the greatest struggles as an educator has been motivating students to see the real world implications of their learning material. Wouldn’t it be incredible if middle schoolers could enter a digital world where they could explore the surface area of airplanes? Or if computer science students could see visual representations of how memory management worked?  Or if English language learners could discover the name of everyday objects through augmented reality? The possibilities are limitless.
"
"I went to Disneyland for the first time recently (crazy, right). The MagicBand reminded me of futuristic sketches from the 1950s where some of the greats envisioned a future for the space age. We need to return to that level of impassioned dreaming in designing for the future, but also temper it with designing for actual needs. 
I am most excited about the prospect of combining augmented realities and the internet of things. By conveying human emotion through tangible artistic acts, we can go beyond products of logistical utility towards something based on empathic storytelling. I feel that this would be incredibly enriching to the human experience of our lives and actually get people genuinely excited about technology. "
I am excited about augmented and virtual reality as a new medium for art, games, and media to bring images, worlds, and stories to life. I am also excited for its practical applications in medicine, therapy, education, e-commerce, and so many other fields. The UX and UI challenges are different from web and mobile and there’s a lot left to learn and discover!
I am obsessed by how technology can improve people's lives, and my thesis is also relevant to AR.
"Internet of things combined with Blockchain technologies have the ability to change the way we record and transfer data. It can now be done wirelessly and instantaneously without being prone to corruption. This would enable all transactions to happen indigenously thus opening a myriad of possibilities, a good example is the prototype IDEO is developing that would enable solar panels to calculate their energy production and help issue RECs accurately. 
My strongest belief has been that consuming lesser as a whole is critical to make our planet sustainable and the way to consume less without altering behaviour patterns is by moving towards an utopian sharing economy. This can be made possible in the future where all resources that are used personally nowadays from cars to even clothes can be rented and consequently production can be minimised. The ease of tracking and robust validation without requirement of human supervision would enable such an economy to thrive. "
"The decentralizing possibilities of blockchain technology and the Internet of Things seems like one of the more radical shifts in the global economy since the beginning of the web and I am amazed at how quickly advancement is being made with these two technologies. 

For creators and those involved in the production of intellectual properties, blockchains have the ability to eliminate intermediaries (music labels, film distributors, etc.), and I think this is an invaluable boon to creativity. By linking creatives directly with their audiences, blockchain databases provide a platform that incentivizes production, encourages niche interests, and allows for greater efficiency in the distribution of content. The transactional integrity of the technology can also eliminate piracy and other value drains that have arisen increasingly in the digital marketplace. I think blockchains can be much more than just the databases undergirding cryptocurrency, and I'm really excited to see the transformational power that they may hold for creative properties.

The Internet of Things goes hand-in-hand with this. By connecting materials to digital networks it seems inevitable that greater efficiency in distribution will arise. My hope is that the better allocation of resource afforded by this technology will lower cost of production, and that this capital can be returned to production, so that more money and time can be spent creating.
"
"As a psychology major, artificial intelligence excites me because with each development, AI becomes more and more humanlike. While I’ve spent a lot of time exploring how human cognition works, I would be eager to understand what exactly is behind the intersection of “cognition” and technology that breeds AI. Furthermore, I am interested in augmented and virtual reality because it has promising potential for forms of therapy. New psychological research has shown that during treatment, burn victims report less pain when engaged in a “cold” and snowy virtual environment than when not. Similarly, physical therapy patients report less pain performing exercises when they’re able to visualize themselves completing the exercises more easily through virtual reality. As someone passionate about health and wellbeing, I would be excited about the opportunity to explore the technology behind what could be new advances in health care in the future.
"
I'm particularly interested in AI and the internet of things. There has been a lot of talk about "smart cities" that leverage the internet of things to create new streams of civic data. I spent the last several years working on data analysis and performance measurement projects for the City of San Francisco and I think that the opportunities for internet of things in cities are still in the very early phase. From tracking open parking spots to providing better pedestrian safety, I'm excited about how cities can collect more data and then leverage artificial intelligence to solve intransigent problems. 
"I’ve always been interested in the intersection
between emotion and technology that VR experiences present as well as the seamless intersection between the physical and digital world that AR provides. Im very intrigued when I think about finding creative solutions for designing experiences for immersive environments compared to creating experiences for flat screens. In both AR and VR, the clicks and swipes that animate flat screen experiences will be completely replaced by spoken words, gestures even mood. I want to be part of this new world of VR/AR that is still trying to define itself in terms of how these experiences will be seamlessly integrated in our everyday lives and will increase productivity, communication and hopefully collaboration but will also have major applications in customer experience and interactive marketing, in education, in the health industry and in storytelling."
Augmented reality and human-computer interaction are the two fields that encapsulate my reasons of being a software developer. In our world, technology brings us together yet distances us. With the smartphone, our culture of interaction and socialization has devolved. We now handle multiple parallel conversations and thus lowered the quality of face-to-face interactions. However, I believe Augmented Reality is the missing piece of the puzzle that will bridge the gap in our interaction between human and computer, and more importantly, between humans. Augmented Reality allows us to be present in our world instead of isolated by technology. With good design, Augmented Reality will bring improvements to our present and help us with our daily lives.
"I am passionate about the internet of things because I want to understand how we can use data to improve the lives of the people around us. 
Having worked at both the U.S. State Department and in the humanitarian aid field, where programming is largely reactionary, I see the necessity of using technology to empower citizens to make informed and long-term decisions."
"A big issue preventing people from maximizing their quality of life is a lack of information in an organized and accessible manner, especially for those coming from disadvantaged backgrounds. I believe emerging technologies such as AR/VR, AI and IoT have great potential in creating opportunities that are otherwise reserved for only the privileged to the average human being. 

For example, the thought of being able to give a child coming from a poor neighborhood in Van Nuys, California the opportunity to travel to Disneyland or experience underwater diving through VR is simply heart-warming. Why must a child be limited to only what her parent can afford? Why can’t we give everyone a truly fair starting point? These are hard questions, but I do believe emerging technologies will help improve many of these unfortunate realities. 
"
"There is a strong conflict of shoulds and wants everyday in our lives. I find these technologies powerful to turn our shoulds into wants and gamify our experiences. The most intriguing part for me is that we have an opportunity to shape the future of our communities. With the use of such technologies, you design new personalized experiences, and develop big data to identify patterns, better serve humans, and in the end improve the viability of organizations. Our iLab startup is based on the same concept of the IoT and value of big data. 
The ilab is running workshops on AR/VR, IoT and AI for the VIP incubated teams. Without an understanding of such technologies I feel we will soon be illiterate. 
I was first intrigued with AR/VR by a documentary that showed how AR/VR could confuse the brain in order for people to withstand pain more while playing a videogame. This has helped me support family and friends when in pain.  
Later, in the Black Mirror show I have been very intrigued by the opportunities and challenges posed by these technologies. 
A couple of years ago, we designed with friends (an art professor and a photographer) an experience that allowed museums-goers in NY to enjoy exhibits with all 5 senses, using 3D photography and motion Capture, Surround sound and Holographic Technology."
Artificial Intelligence is interesting to me because of the fact that computers were invented, and, in a sense, taught to do things that we could not do ourselves, or that were too tedious for us to do. It is striking that technology has changed so much in recent years and that we have reached this point where computers can do things we previously thought one required a brain to do. It’s fascinating to watch movies and see how the limits that the collective imagination placed on the capabilities artificial intelligence continue to extend. I think harnessing this collective imagination is really important for the future directions of the field, but I also think it is often successful when designs harness the ways previous imaginings become banal for us. 
"I’m excited by the potential for emerging technologies such as AI and blockchains to provide novel solutions to problems facing consumers in fundamental industries like finance and food:
* Artificial Intelligence – AI will allow companies to better tailor and target their products to the unique qualities of each consumer (e.g. heterogeneity). Last summer, I worked at a machine learning startup that is applying AI to credit underwriting – providing consumers with greater access to credit without a credit score. Similarly, CoLab’s Pickl uses AI to help consumers customize their diet based on preferences for nutrition, taste, affordability, sustainability, and origin. 
* Blockchains – blockchain technology provides an end-to-end identification solution for a variety of applications. I previously worked for a private equity fund that invested in a company that provides food safety solutions using laboratory testing, inspection, and certification. However, this company could use blockains to provide full transparency of the food supply chain. In addition to cryptocurrency, blockains could enable personal ID management solutions like CoLab’s MY.ID, allowing for individuals to create portable and secure personal IDs for financial and non-financial transactions. 
"
"I think that the future of IoT and VR/AR pose an incredibly promising frontier for human behavior. I am notably concerned with the ethical questions that are raised by increasing ease of use of technologies, as well as the questions of how people actually interact with the ""hidden"" technology of IoT. I hope my work helps showcase my love for exploring how technology and humans interact to trust or distrust machines. 
"
Virtual reality offers new vistas for empathy, adventures and invention.
I recently did two projects on augmented reality and smart home system with IOT approach. I would like to experience more in these areas.
I am interested in how technologies like augmented reality and the internet of things can help in producing a more accessible world for people with disabilities.
"AR/VR is a new but rapidly populating space where I see a need to develop and explore possibilities and applications. I’m personally excited about the opportunities it presents for immersive experiences that connect people with the natural environment, in particular experiencing the ocean. I’m interested in the role it can play in informing public audiences in the developed world (global north) about climate science and the relationships between our everyday lives and our impact on the earth. I’m also interested in its potential as a medium for increasing empathy in and across social movements and interpersonal relationships.

Though I have my specific interests, I am broadly fascinated with the idea of bringing what currently exists as speculative design to reality, as well as extrapolating current societal narratives to inform design fiction of what is to come."
"I am excited to envision the future of work, and to anticipate the implications these technologies for our lives and our society.

We are already witnessing dramatic shifts in workplace culture: In 2016, 35% of the US population engaged in some form of freelance work, and companies like Uber and UpWork are creating new opportunities for independent workers. As the nature of work evolves and the employer-employee relationship continues to change, emerging technologies will fuel the transformation.

Blockchain, for example, has dramatic implications for HR and payroll processes, and could simplify recruitment, employee onboarding and payment of remote workers anywhere in the world. AR and VR will likewise make it easier to collaborate with remote team members.  Artificial Intelligence will replace many human jobs, and the internet of things will generate massive amounts of data to help us work more efficiently and effectively. 

"
"My research in AI focuses on robot perception and I'm really excited about the intersection of new sensors, tiny connected devices, and algorithms for boiling data down to a usable form and for deciding how to best interact with humans.

One thread of my interests has been in improving and augmenting human capabilities --- we need to answer questions such as:

- how can we use new sensors/devices and algorithms to enable a computer to perceive the world in new and increasingly intelligent ways?

- how do we design the highest bandwidth channel to communicate that information to a human through our 5 built-in senses and mental models? (e.g. via eyes, ears, or skin...? is the specific user-interface intuitive or is learning required?)

The ability to assist and augment humans in ubiquitous, ranging from overcoming medical disabilities, to a nudge towards achieving a goal, or to increasing levels of fun and productivity.

Within just the last decade of AI we have witnessed tremendous advances in the robotics field in applying probabilistic techniques and deep learning to perception and decision-making problems.  I am particularly excited about the promise of AI and machine learning ""leaving the lab"" to provide real value in AR and IoT devices (wearables, etc)."
Artificial intelligence intrigues me because while it is not a new concept for inventions to attempt to replicate human thought and brain activity  (see the book replicating oral tradition and story telling), in this day in age we have a unique ability to  almost fully map mental function with AI. And there are so many interesting applications for this kind of technology. It can be used to model decision making, speech, and quasi-free thought, some of the most complexly human actions that exist. Doing so could allow us to use AI to perform necessary tasks that people might not have time for or often perform incorrectly, increasing the safety and productivity of our world. It would be cool to work with and design AI because it allows for a product with great flexibility because the product could learn and know things about its human users, and respond in the best way.
I'm really interested in integrating VR and AI into a medical experience. One of my first experiences with VR was flying around inside of a space station using a oculus rift development kit and a leap motion so that I could grab objects in space. The most interesting moment for me was when I grabbed objects in the game using the leap motion, it felt like I was holding something in my hand. Utilizing this technology, I'm interested in figuring out what the useful application are for people who have lost control or sensation in their extremities. For instance, using VR and AI to help patient's bodies mend and help prosthetics and other medical aids work better in the long run sounds very feasible and interesting to me.
I believe much of our future will be shaped by the combination of AR, AI, and the internet of things/a world of a billion sensors. The capacity we will have to collect information and to augment our own capacities may very well turn us into something like cyborgs. I strive to be the kind of designer who can think through systems and can see the values in what we make. This, I think, will be a critical skill in how technology continues to change.
"I’m excited by the potential for emerging technologies such as AI and blockchains to provide novel solutions to problems facing consumers in fundamental industries like finance and food:
* Artificial Intelligence – AI will allow companies to better tailor and target their products to the unique qualities of each consumer (e.g. heterogeneity). Last summer, I worked at a machine learning startup that is applying AI to credit underwriting – providing consumers with greater access to credit without a credit score. Similarly, CoLab’s Pickl uses AI to help consumers customize their diet based on preferences for nutrition, taste, affordability, sustainability, and origin. 
* Blockchains – blockchain technology provides an end-to-end identification solution for a variety of applications. I previously worked for a private equity fund that invested in a company that provides food safety solutions using laboratory testing, inspection, and certification. However, this company could use blockchains to provide full transparency of the food supply chain. In addition to cryptocurrency, blockchains enable personal ID management solutions like CoLab’s MY.ID, allowing for individuals to create portable and secure personal IDs for financial and non-financial transactions. "
Automation and globalization will fundamentally change our whole economy within a generation. Agile adaptation to this shift will require flexible, borderless currency systems that not only allow us to trade new skills and products but also facilitate the emergence of new markets in the space created by the contraction of manufacturing  industries. I'm fascinated by the possibility of exponential efficiency, targeting and convenience gains enabled by blockchain-based , remittances transfer systems to build the long-term infrastructure of inclusive development in underserved areas from rural Mexico to the informal peripheries of Cairo. At IDEO, I'm excited about the possibilities for learning in a fast-paced, highly creative environment and building the skills to create game-changing, progressive currency systems.
"Artificial Intelligence is an area that excites me because of the possibilities that it unlocks when working with humans to solve problems. AI as we currently know it is based off of several mathematical frameworks, including deep learning, that allow it to solve problems in areas that were previously off-limits, including image processing and natural language processing. Now that computing is getting more efficient, these frameworks can get even larger and are surprising us weekly with new advances. 
I think the real potential of this can be realized when we can move from thinking of these AIs as tools that can cooperate with humans, rather than black boxes. For example, neural networks can now diagnose most X-Rays better than humans can. I would want to explore how these systems can also be used to provide an explanation for the diagnosis, ask the human/patient for feedback, and how that can be used to suggest tailored treatment options. This would require design thinking to be applied to the whole doctor-patient interaction process, to really understand how the strengths of a human and an AI can be leveraged to create a better outcome. "
The "internet of things" has been an intergated part of my design and research methodologies.  Throughout my studies I have concentrated on how the capabilities of geospatial analysis, Geographic Information Systems, data, remote sensing and dynamic simulations can be used to analyze a series of economic, political, geographic and environmental parameters. I am a strong believer that the recent proliferation of data, technology and modeling tools can inform questions of design and development as well as support decision-making processes at an urban or rural scale. 
"I’ve long been interested in augmented and virtual reality as tools for fostering empathy across any number of different disciplines. I was introduced to the technology early—my high school’s journalism program was one of the first in the country to integrate virtual reality technology as a coverage tool for a student publication. I learned how to shoot and edit VR video, using our 360 camera and rig to cover events ranging from the annual basketball homecoming game to a raucous Donald Trump rally in my hometown.

I am particularly fascinated by virtual reality’s role in facilitating perspective-taking as it relates to healthcare. VR has boundless potential for clinical applications. Patients, for example, can use virtual reality technology to augment their present state—whether that’s giving an individual with anxiety the chance to explore calming landscapes or offering amputees the chance to cope with phantom limb pain by syncing their brains up with virtual limbs in a VR headset. Virtual reality presents a particular opportunity for the home- or hospital-bound, who can be provided an immersive visual of their home or other stimulating environment to vastly improve quality of life.

Virtual reality can be a critical tool for physicians as well. Doctors are already using VR to more effectively train for complicated surgical procedures, a significant step up from simply watching 2D simulations on YouTube. VR could also enable caregivers to experience what life is like for individuals suffering from different illnesses—glaucoma, hearing loss, or vertigo, just to name a few—to build empathy and strengthen the critical understanding between doctor and patient."
"The summer after my freshman year at Stanford, not even a year after I started coding, I got to design a virtual reality medical education puzzle game for the Oculus. Prior to that, I’d barely known what VR was; it was a futuristic, far-off technology that didn’t have much to do with me. But I wanted to have more to do with it, and, when I landed a spot as a research assistant at the University of Pennsylvania’s Computer Graphics lab, I felt like I’d stumbled onto a dream job. 

I went into work excited every single day. I loved how VR combined art and technology; the choices I made about how the game functioned affected its aesthetics, and the reverse was true as well. It was fun drawing the textures for human muscles and bones, and fun figuring out what code I needed to use to animate them.  And every time I put on the Oculus headset, I gazed in wonder at the world I was making. 

Two years later, I still feel that wonder wherever I encounter VR. I felt it when I tried out the HTC Vive a few weeks ago. I’ve also felt it in regards to larger impacts VR can have. This quarter, I’m taking a class called Virtual People. It has me thinking about the philosophical implications of VR: whether I want to live in a world where anyone can escape to a different realm whenever they want, how much kids should be exposed to VR, how we might apply VR to education or romance or chronic illness. These are the kinds of ideas I love turning over in my mind; I love thinking about how to create meaning in a life, and VR is a rich field for finding answers. Not only does the technical aspect of VR appeal to my love of artistic, human-centered engineering, but its ideological components also make me think about the future in an incredibly exciting, complex way. "
"The Internet of Things is revealing, connecting, and quantifying the spectrum of societal touchpoints like never before. Artificial Intelligence is creating meaning and learning from unprecedented data in ways people never could. Blockchains are providing communities across the globe newfound agency to securely engage in the massive set of societal processes fostered by this data rich, digital world. 

However, I’m most personally excited by the possibilities of augmented and virtual reality to change – at a basic emotional level - how people understand the human experience and share its stories. As technology increasingly enables us to disconnect from traditional interpersonal engagement, AR/VR presents an important opportunity to reinforce the fundamental role empathy plays in our families/communities/societies. Whether it’s introducing people to otherwise inaccessible places and experiences, breaking the fourth wall of entertainment media, or just giving a more authentic means of walking in others’ shoes, I think those who can effectively understand and design truly moving, emotionally grounded AR/VR experiences will shift the ways societies and their members understand one another. 

Having studied film, I am thrilled to see hundreds of millions of dollars flow into major studios and VR-centric film startups like Felix & Paul/Jaunt/Within, to see emerging media players like Facebook/Apple/Amazon explicitly focus on VR content, and to hear the AR/VR hardware/software companies consider the positive impact of the ecosystems their devices create (like HTC ‘s recent “VR for Impact” initiative). I’m excited to help keep empathy at the fore as these innovations unfold. 
"
Prior to the GSB, I worked at a tech-focused VC fund where I concentrated on the fintech sector. I spent a lot of time in the blockchain space looking at various applications of its core technology. I truly believe that the blockchain infrastructure is going to reshape the dynamics of many global industries. One immediate example is in the payment or remittance space. The blockchain will allow people to send money around the world at a fraction (practically zero) of the cost of traditional banks and next-generation remittance players. A very interesting early player in this space is Abra, which is leveraging the blockchain infrastructure to allow customers to send money to any smartphone instantly, privately, and securely, with or without a bank account. By way of another example, think about the humanitarian implications the blockchain can have. In today’s world, widespread mistrust towards the government and interference in countries’ processes by external actors have made the democratic process of voting more critical than ever. The core blockchain technology can be used to build a voting system where votes cannot be rigged or illegally cast. While these are only two examples, there are many instances where the blockchain technology can influence unwieldly facets of everyday life. Just as the internet inspired a whole new era of fast and unanticipated innovation, so, too, will the blockchain.
An area I really care about is how technology can enable greater access to education and higher quality education content. I have worked on using basic technology to provide education content in Ghana. For example, working with a digital comic company to create African superheroes that expose kids to African history and folklore. More recently, I designed a program to provide science content to kids remotely through radio and SMS in Sierra Leone when their schools were shut down due to Ebola outbreak. I'm excited to dive in to see how more advanced technologies can further education access. For example, exploring how augmented reality can turn all of our surroundings into a learning environment, such as turning a walk through a city into a history lesson scavenger hunt or an opportunity to learn more about nature or physics. 
I'm especially interested in developing work in augmented virtual reality as a tool for education and design. The easier it is for people to communicate their ideas, the faster we can grow and learn as a global community. Augmented virtual reality combines the advantages of manual and digital tools and takes advantage of  people's natural spatial intuition. There have been many times when I have debated how to balance using 3D modeling, or working by hand to create prototypes. Each has advantages in different scenarios: I can quickly turn an equation for a surface into a model in Rhino, but an irregular surface or curve may be easier to feel out by hand (such as with wood or clay).  Immediate tactile and spatial feedback allows users to take full advantage of fine motor control to bring what they imagine into reality. Augmented visual reality could reduce the cost of prototyping for architects, urban planners, and civil engineers by allowing them to experience their designs as they would be at scale. For similar reasons, augmented reality makes a great tool for education because many people learn best through experience. Emergency response teams, surgeons, and even athletes could train for dangerous situations at reduced risk to themselves and others. As tools for learning and creating become easier to use, the lesser the barrier for people entering fields that use those tools. As more people from different backgrounds enter new fields, progress in those fields can accelerate dramatically.
* Blockchain particularly appeals to me given my background in Political Economy — I’ve studied how modern industries/sectors are built on top of information systems that weigh into economic incentives and decisions. Specifically, many established and necessary industries such as healthcare and finance are currently running on outdated information engines that are the source of inefficiencies, expenses, and distrust between a system and its constituents. I see blockchain as a potential solution to revamping outdated infrastructures since it has the power to put stakeholders in an ecosystem on the same page by better organizing and managing the flow of information.
Augmented Reality really excites me because I feel it's the most accessible and necessary form of altered reality which has great potential to revolutionize the way we see and interact with the world. The idea that we can integrate information into our field of vision can profoundly impact business, health, safety, security, etc. Blockchains also excite me because there is great potential in this technology to create safer and more accountable products and services for internet technologies.
Augmented reality will will embed a sixth sense and fifth dimension. It will expand both the breadth and depth of how people interact with their surroundings.
"
All these new technologies are exciting but AR & VR are one of the most compelling from my point of view because these are the technologies of the future and they will disrupt our existing conceptions of digital experience. They have power to captivate our imagination and propose new human interaction and limitless possibilities in developing human knowledge and facilitating physical and digital interfaces to our needs. IoT is intriguing because this helps us make smart objects and empowers humans to new ways managing and analyzing data as well as remotely accessing our devices. "
"In the military context, decision makers traditionally have had difficulty finding relevant information on the battlefield. Life and limb had to be risked to answer questions like, “what is beyond the next terrain feature?” or “is the intersection safe?”.

Much like IoT in the civilian sector, proliferation of electronic devices and the ability to network them will have fundamental changes to how the military approaches these questions. The number of sensors (e.g. visual, audio, thermal, infrared, etc.) carried by unmanned aircraft, unmanned ground vehicles, and personnel, are increasing by the day. The quandary will soon become, “what do we do with all this?”.

The preponderance of information does not result in better decisions until the right information gets to the right person, in the right way. More information risks confusion, misinterpretation, or overlooking of key parts, and I think that is where some of these emerging technologies will play a critical role. 

An IoT network will link the sources so that information can be distributed in a summarized, contextualized fashion. First, the large amount of information must first be parsed and sifted for the useful parts. Rather than employing a team of imagery analysts to stare at video feeds for hours at a time, AI will eventually provide more meticulous and reliable analysis. The information must then be provided to the user in a digestible manner, and augmented reality will present the information while allowing the user to maintain focus on the critical tasks on hand. The rifleman will be notified of movement up ahead without having to take his eye off of his rifle’s scope. These technologies will save lives and will change the way war looks on the ground. 

There is so much profound change on the horizon, and so much potential for what good it could do."
Blockchain - I love that the blockchain has the potential to democratize and massively distribute anything from federal banking to student government. I worked with Ethereum as part of the FinTech research team at Lloyds Bank UK and I began to see all the possibilities for blockchain to enhance pre-existing technologies (including AI etc.)
Augmented/virtual reality and artificial intelligence have the potential to change the way we think entirely. The way they structure experience will greatly impact education, lifestyle, aesthetic appreciation (off the top of my head)...
I study Human-Computer Interaction, and have an extensive background in human-technology and design research: I've studied how human psychology and technology can be applied to concepts such as parallel prototyping (paper accepted to CHI, the premier HCI conference), as well as how VR can be used to foster empathy and how emotion research can be applied to develop artificial intelligence. 
Over the past year, I've had the privilege to design for augmented reality across multiple projects and clients, including Microsoft, Honeywell Aerospace, and most recently, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory.  With NASA JPL, a team of students and I are exploring how we might apply HoloLens technology to help optimize the Mars 2020 Rover Mission. Right now, the rover control team in Pasadena faces a fundamental human interaction problem—there’s a team of humans (geologists, scientists, rover planners, and engineers) trying to explore an environment through a robot that mechanically “sees” very differently from us. The rover’s 2D cameras can’t afford us the same level of spatial and situational awareness as we naturally need to think through three-dimensional problems, like rover navigation. This is especially problematic when you need to navigate uncharted terrain filled with geographical occlusions (mountains, ditches, sand pits, etc.); you’re given inherently imperfect visual data to inform your decision making in a high-risk environment. Emerging augmented reality technology can help us contextualize this imperfect 2D information into 3D, affording us this much-needed spatial awareness. For the rover mission, this can mediate the difficulty in recalibrating the team’s visual perspective and expedite group decision making on the ground. It’s a fundamentally new and transformative way of interacting with the world around us, and I’m very excited to be on the front lines of its exploration!
"I’m very excited about artificial intelligence, and more specifically, machine learning. I’m hopeful that machine learning can help provide new approaches towards pressing global issues like poverty and resource scarcity. I’ve become particularly inspired by Stanford’s Sustainability and Artificial Intelligence Lab, where researchers are working on mapping out poverty-heavy areas using a technique called transfer learning. Though many international organizations have done the work of identifying poverty-stricken areas, many nations do not have the resources to report accurate results, and some even fudge numbers to improve perceived economic performance. By training computers how to predict the amount of nightlight a certain area has based off satellite imagery, researchers have been able to better predict the wealth of five different African countries. It is projects like these, which use large-scale machine learning models, including graphical models and deep learning, and bring together disparate data sets, that motivate and inspire me everyday. 
"
I am excited about the infinite possibilities that platform technologies such as Internet of Things can deliver. I am currently taking a sustainability product design course at the University of California, Berkeley and looking into sources of water and energy waste at the household level. Internet of things would allow the affordable monitoring, remote control and optimization of household items such as faucets, heating and outlets to prevent and eliminate waste. 
"I have been working with Oculus, hololens and Tango this semester and try all kinds of softwares such as Unity and Unreal to explore the potential of different Mixed Reality platforms. 
I am fascinated with the Mixed Reality mainly because  it is an interesting reflection of our society. People start to add digital layer on our real world is because our daily life is indeed surrounded by all kinds of technology and digital devices. No one knows what will happen in next 5 years, so just do the fun work and go board-less. I am more than excited to join IDEO to be part of it, to explore the world and contribute my intelligence. "
"I'm currently in a team attempting to create a mobile item identification tool for the visually impaired with IOT tech. IOT is exciting to me because it bridges the clunky gap between our physical world and our digital minds, allowing us to interact with both in more meaningful ways.

VR is also really exciting to me because it is not just a practical tool but a really beautiful form of storytelling. One of the Oscar-nominated animated short films this year is a VR story (Pearl by Patrick Osborne) and I love the work done by Nat Geo in exploring awe-inspiring destinations. I'd love to ruminate and expand on the current definition of VR and imagine what else can be done with it."
"Recently I had a dream in which I was a ghost. People couldn’t see me but they could feel me. I was just having fun and scaring people. Then I got an intuition that I should stop scaring them. Then all of a sudden, I reappeared in a tiny bathroom and an aggressive dude was trying to lock me in. I was so scared. 
I woke up and a lesson came to me.
“Don’t do unto others what you don’t want others to do unto you” – Confucious
 
I often learn a lot about my own behaviors from my dreams.
It’s the same with movies. I would emotionally react to different things in a movie, then suddenly I would realize something about myself, or why I was feeling that certain way.
 
To me, dreams or movies are virtual realities. Movie makers try as hard as possible to immerse you in the stories, using videos and sounds in an isolated environment. Isn’t that an attempt to create a reality?
 
Virtual reality is a way for us to learn about reality. It’s a low-stake, high-reward environment where we can observe our patterns of behaviors, thoughts and emotions and thus learn more about ourselves.
 
Another strength of virtual reality, or movies, is that they are such immersive experiences that they seem separate from reality. Once we are separate from reality, we also separate ourselves from our assumptions or misassumptions about the world. That’s when we adopt the “beginner’s mind” and really see things as they are.
 
I can see a near future when we make role-play games with virtual reality, where we can improve our emotional awareness or communication skill or whatever it is that we want to learn. For example, if one wants to learn how to better manage anger, we could put him through a virtual-reality experience where he is triggered and thus lets him apply the anger-management methods he‘s learned. And since it is virtual reality, he wouldn’t affect anyone whatsoever.

"
As a budding technologist, I am excited by the potential these technologies hold in changing the ways in which we perceive the world, and making tangible and meaningful impact in how we live. Augmented and virtual reality, to me, are the most exciting. The amazing thing about VR, for instance, is its ability to evoke empathy. What a powerful tool in an age where it feels like we don't have empathy for all citizens in the United States, and in the world. It is the amazing power these technologies have to truly change and catapult the way we think, work, live, act, feel, say, etc. I especially think these technologies, while breakthrough in the developed world, have great room for opportunity and growth in the developing world as well (which is where my experience comes in). 
Passionate about education, I'm always searching for innovative ways children can learn better. This is why augmented reality really excites me because it's an amazing resource that if harnessed correctly can transform 21st century learning. AR offers a unique opportunity to truly foster the 4 C's (communication, creativity, collaboration and critical thinking) in our young children. Very often, tech at that age is focused on making children consumers of content. AR, if harnessed correctly can turn children into producers of content and thereby truly help nourish creativity.
I have studied and worked in the field of AI, Computer vision and Deep learning and fascinated by its scientific beauty combined with tremendous impact on society. Blockchain is also exciting mathematical model to liberate resources and I am very interested to learn more about it. I also think that AR has potential to make technology much more engaging.
I am most excited about the Internet of things! I look at the internet of things as a force that helps gives life to an inanimate object like a refrigerator! I am interested in forensics and creating experiences. The internet of things helps in connectivity and creates an experience of comfort and power. I am interested in seeing the height of an experience that can be created by the Internet of things and seeing how it can be translated into meaningful services such as services for the disabled. In addition with the IOT growing, i am interested in seeing how connectivity plays a role in cybersecurity and forensics and how to expand on IOT’s but also respect laws of privacy.
I am particularly excited by the potential for virtual reality to have a positive social impact. The ability to 'step into someone's shoes' can be a significant tool for developing empathy. Whether it is the global refugee crisis or American police encounters, there is so much to be learned and understood by both officials and the general public. Virtual reality can help build bridges between populations and advance social justice issues across the world.   
"I’m really excited to learn and engage more with all of these things, especially VR. I think there is a ton of potential for VR/AR to change how we connect with each other as people. Empathy usually requires a degree of shared experience, which can be hard for individuals from different backgrounds. But with VR and AR we can create these experiences, to the extent that even if they’re virtual, the feelings and thoughts evoked are very real, and these form the basis of empathy. For example, in a design workshop at Google, we talked about creating a VR experience to help users better understand identities – racial, gender, socioeconomic, etcetera – other than their own, in order to generate more empathy in politics. So it’s not the chance to wear someone else’s shoes, but to step into and experience their world. And that’s really, really cool. 

"
As we all begin to figure out how to incorporate emerging technologies into our environments, designing products to integrate into the existing systems will be key. Personally, I am excited to see how augmented and virtual reality will provide people the ability to experience things that they might not be able to without. For example, elderly people could travel the world from their chair, students could confront the fear of public speaking in a safe environment and we could take video sharing technology to the next level allowing people to visit each other’s homes across the world in an augmented environment. Also, as the internet of things continues to progress, we could rethink what a home affords a person. IOT devices coupled with artificial intelligence can be used to gather data about a person’s behavior helping the home suggest healthier eating habits, keep a person on schedule and provide information before they even know they need it.
"Currently one of my projects, a chat bot. How artificial intelligence can change and improve people life, and make easier for them. Using a chat bot, I am trying to solve how we can improve a customer experience in a better way. 
I am also falling in love augmented and virtual reality. I haven't found an opportunity to design it, yet. I'd like to participate to one of this projects asap to see design challenges.  "
"I'm interested in working on projects that help develop technologies for the future that both benefit society and can generate business profits ethically.  I like to keep track of design blogs, and both the current trends, and the projected emerging trends.  Some of my favorite thinkers and creators in design and technology include Bret Victor, Stefan Sagmeister, Tristan Harris, Joe Edelman, Jane McGonigal, and Ian Bogost.

A June 2016 Fast Company article (http://bit.ly/2jcLEtL) mentioned as one of the benefits of AI: ""It allows designers to cater to, and anticipate, individual users' needs."" 

Thinking about the most recent election and how supposedly Jared Kushner took advantage of psychological profiles on Facebook to target specific voters, I could imagine the use of AI technology in future elections.  With the prevalence of ""fake news"" and the deluge of overall media, it becomes more important than ever for voters to receive true information in places they will actually see it.  Studies have shown that people do care about clean energy, but haven't been galvanized to the cause.

Given IDEO Co.Lab clients like Exelon, Duke, and Southern Company, perhaps the use of AI could determine which psychological profiles are receptive to clean energy but don't have the information they need.  In future elections, these people could then be targeted with impactful (and true) stories and data that would actually reach them about the importance of clean energy.  These mechanisms would then bring in political adminstrations that would support the energy initiatives of Exelon, Duke, and Southern Company.

Or perhaps augmented reality technologies could help Citi and Fidelity with their financial planning clients, by making tangible the risks associated with different outcomes depending on the retirement portfolio a client chooses to create.  This would help customers, separate Citi and Fidelity in terms of the services they offer, and thus be a business advantage.

Designing and creating interfaces and back-end mechanisms that help make meaningful and ethically profitable ideas (like the two I have suggested) a reality is the kind of work i want to be doing.

"
"AI and IoT excite me because of the unimaginable possibilities that they have unlocked. IoT is growing fast, and even going beyond home and consumer level gadgets to industrial applications. With the rapid increase in the number “Smart” devices, there are endless possibilities for data collection and utilization.
Use of Natural Language Processing and Artificial Intelligence in various sectors such as health tech is of great interest to me. Siri-like speech interfaces can be utilized in many applications from customer service to mental health. In the meantime, text and sentiment analysis is finding its way to emerging field such as HR and Insurance environments.
"
Virtual reality is finally going to close the distance between people who are fiscally satisfied and people who desperately need help. While handheld, cheap cameras have enabled stories to be shared across socioeconomic and geographic barriers, they are still limited by the creativity of the producer. Now, with 360-degree video, the viewer actually gets agency over the experience, and feels as if they are standing next to the person filming. Dependence breeds empathy, so the effect on the user is far more profound. Already you see early adopters like Vice News take these cameras into war zones, strapped to the backpacks of risky journalists. Applications for this technology for breeding empathy are plenty. For example, activist groups could gain interest by getting their followers to experience the dilapidating state of an aging hospital, the damage done by a hurricane, or the environmental massacre of an oil spill. 
I’m incredibly excited for the integration of blockchain technologies into our society! I believe in Don Tapscott’s Blockchain Revolution and I’d love to play a role in how this technology might shape the future of our world. I think blockchain will definitely replace long-standing institutions like banking in my lifetime and I'd like to be able to influence this type of advancement.
"Artificial intelligence, and machine learning in particular, excites me because of the ways in which it can revolutionize social media and the way people communicate and interact with their world.  AI can be used to analyze people's behavior, allowing them to be matched with their wants and desires more efficiently. We are already seeing the effects of this in search engines as well as online shopping, but AI can also be used to augment human decision-making in other fields such as job seeking and online dating.

The internet of things is also a concept that has the potential to revolutionize our way of life in the near future. With the advent of self-driving cars, for instance, we may one day see the replacement of taxis and ubers, and human car traffic in general, with a sophisticated system of mass vehicle coordination, with fleets of automated cars ferrying their passengers to their destinations more efficiently and without the impediment of traffic. This is one of only many possible ways in which the internet of things and AI can bring us a more efficient, more coordinated world."
"Over the last summer, I participated as an intern at a company in the Bay Area called Loadstar Sensors. Loadstar Sensors primarily makes innovative capacitive sensors that solve human-centered problems. I got a taste of how sensors, combined with communication and mobile apps, are changing the world. 
One of their most interesting inventions was a product called StockVue, which I fortunately got to work closely with. StockVue is a system that uses the premise of the internet of things for inventory management. I believe that the future is cloud based and it is evident with today’s creations that more and more of society relies on technology to live their day to day lives. 
The Internet of Things is making a huge difference in the way society functions and I would love to explore how to apply these concepts to creating new products and solutions to interesting new issues in the world. "
Since I was a child, I loved science fiction. My career goal is to be a part of an organization that brings science-fiction level change to the society. I see such potential in all of the technologies listed. In particular, I am excited about the potential of AI and AR to change the future of energy. For example, as the current generation of utility engineers go into retirement, and fewer engineering graduate students choose to go into utility industry, AR can be used as a knowledge transfer tool, to provide new engineers with "hand-on" guidance in the field, showing them step by step the best practice method to resolve an issue on a particular part of the grid. I am also very excited about the potential of autonomous electric vehicles, and its impact on the future of energy and mobility. 
The IoT is already here - but now it’s time to tap into its potential since it has been under-designed and its applications are vast. Its potential for impact excites me twofold: IoT and smart devices can give us a newfound access to data, that can help us make informed decisions about our everyday lives. This is data we didn’t even know existed - like how many words an infant hears every day, or how much worse the air quality is inside of our home than outside of it (it’s true!) Second, it allows for these decisions to be made automatically, so that these actions can be more complex, quicker, and easier than ever before for a user. Despite this inherent power, the question remains if these devices can get past the early adopter phase. It is my belief that it is human-centered design is the key that will unlock these devices for mass consumption and impact, in identifying and shifting a few of the paradigms that right now are holding it back. Smartphones did it and so can smart-everything-else!
As an imaginative person, I love to see the new and innovative ways that technology can shape our behavior. Augmented and virtual reality both excite me because they can overlay creative vision onto reality. Augmented reality specifically has the ability to connect technology and the environment into a seamless experience. As someone who studies Design and Environmental Analysis, many of my projects center around how our surrounding environment can be maximized and benefit its inhabitants.  Additionally, it can be used to bring people closer together through the internet of things and allow people to experience empathy for others or situations they may not have otherwise had a chance to do. 
"I took a writing class last semester, and it was centered around the topic of technology and social change. We discussed and wrote about how developing technology can change our social environments, and how they will continue to impact our lives as technology continues to progress. One of the discussions stuck out in my mind; we talked about artificial intelligence and Asimov’s Four Laws of Robotics. In order to maintain control over our robots and creations, we must be able to govern them, otherwise they would surpass humans—smarter, faster, and more accurate versions of ourselves.

Also, the Internet of Things has always fascinated me because I believe that it is the future of technology. Technology is meant to make our lives more convenient to live, and to perform the mundane tasks for us so that we as humans can focus on more intellectually stimulating advancements in society. I was part of an organization in high school called DECA, which is an international association of students and teachers focused on all aspects of business, including entrepreneurship. One of my competitive events involved creating a business plan for product or service. My team developed a sprinkler system that would water a household’s lawn or plants based on weather forecasts and soil moisture, all connected to a smartphone application that could help the user keep track of what is going on. It has similar functionalities as Nest or August Locks does with their temperature control and security applications. These are all examples of Internet of Things and how they have been applied to our daily lives. "
"Being part of the Stroke Rehabilitation Team in Design for America’s UCSD Chapter, I’ve had to confront many of the bureaucratic challenges and obstacles that come with attempting to drive changes in a healthcare field with its sensitive realities. My current position as a student intern at The Design Lab in the Citizensourcing and ConsensUS projects has pushed me to quite an enriched experience. With team members of different backgrounds, we are currently working to develop a visualization tool that increases public engagement in civic issues. I am responsible for researching and report current technologies in use by different cities around the world and their engagement processes, completing literature review on research papers in public engagement technologies, attending local observations of public engagement meetings, and performing qualitative analysis of the results.

In both of these experiences, I’ve come to realize that integrating technology is the ultimate way to creating higher level solutions that facilitate easier interactions in this era.  "
The IoT is especially exciting because I’ve seen what happens when a technology is accessible (and tangible!) and lands in the hands of someone whose eyes light up when they realize what they can do with it—a young person using littleBits to make music, a science educator using Arduino to build a temperature sensor. That’s how I felt when I first played with an Arduino.
"Since I was young, I've always had an active imagination. My parents worked constantly and didn't have the time to take me anywhere so I had to use my imagination to visualize myself at Disneyland. I used my imagination and stuffed animals to configure a world that we could explore. So in the same way, AR and VR are just imagination brought to life, even though it's still not real.  The movies directed by Tim Burton accurately display his unique imagination - bringing the colorful and surreal world to the screen.  Not limited by reality, AR/VR gives us the chance to be like a child again- unhampered by reality.
"
Art therapy makes me incredibly excited. I think of the way that art has healed me in ways, which are small in comparison to what issues people face around the world. It’s inspiring to me that equipped people are bringing dance, painting, sculpture, and music to those facing crisis and trauma. I would love to do that someday. Out of the technologies highlighted in the marathon this year, I think virtual reality excites me the most, because of it’s potential to become a kind of therapy. For survivors of natural disasters, war and human trafficking, being temporarily transported to a different environment could relieve stress and trauma. A walk by the river could help someone breathe easier. A trip away from their current town or city could help them see the possibilities that the world has to offer and could aid in avoiding depression. There are ways too, that these survivors could experience art or even perform themselves in these alternate worlds, without fear of how the real world perceives them. Once I experienced a virtual reality through goggles where art became a full body experience, even though it was just a simple drawing game. Virtual reality is already physically human centered, as it surrounds you, but how can we make it emotionally so? 
"I’m particularly interested in artificial intelligence in its relation to robotics and cyborgs. I’m currently taking a course in distributed and embodied cognition and how these theories relate to the development of cyborgs. I find it really intriguing how it’s possible for humans to create robots that are capable of intelligent behaviors almost as if we are extending our human capabilities to nonliving electromechanical systems. Although artificial intelligence may seem like an independent, individual system at times, I think it’s important to keep in mind the human interaction that is involved and implications on our society. I believe that the values of human centered design are really important to artificial intelligence in order to ensure that these systems are suited to needs of people since ultimately robots/cyborgs are developed to benefit humans. Additionally, human interaction with these systems will be crucial in maintaining control, usability, and beneficial integration into our society.
"
Augmented and virtual reality have the ability to completely replace our worldview. Artificial intelligence has the ability to automate what we humans want to do. Technology like this have the ability to unlock human potential and progress human thought.
"- Just as the internet and mobile phones have disrupted and completely changed our lives, I see AR/VR as the new platform that will alter our lives. 
- I’m passionate about social innovation, so I’m especially excited about Virtual Reality use cases in the social impact space. When developed responsibly with users as collaborators, VR can open opportunities to who have been disenfranchised by systems and circumstance, in many promising ways. 
- Within the social impact space, I’m especially interested in education. Whenever I think about how to improve the political system, how to help diminish poverty, etc… to me, it always comes back to education. I see education as the foundational base to solve many of our problems. And I’m a huge fan of experiential learning. I envision VR bringing creativity, excitement, and joy back to learning. Thinking back to the era of the Magic School bus, imagine taking virtual field trips inside the human body to learn about the digestive system (although this may be a bit gross), to the bottom of the ocean to learn about clownfish and ‘find Nemo’, and into space to learn about the moon’s craters (imagine coupling this VR with anti-gravity technology)! 
- I’m so excited for the opportunities with VR, and I want to be a part of making this future.
"
I am very interested in how virtual reality can help us learn about our environment. Blockchains interest me because they are verified in their receipts and they can also trigger transactions that are secure. I see great potential in this platform in its applications to other solutions.
Augmented and virtual reality have the unbelievable potential to redefine individual perception of social norms - and thus create social change. The ability to, for example, experience a Greensboro sit-in or the glares of stalkers on the street would serve as powerful tools in building empathy and understanding that transcends racial and gender divides. The unlimited capacity for students to explore and investigate new worlds can revolutionize modern education. The power to have full visual awareness on the ground in a hospital or a slum or a forest can shape the development of nonprofit management. 
I have been working in architecture and real estate industries that are already embracing VR, AI technologies such as smart city, smart home and virtual tours; I am very excited about how these new technology can change the world!
As a JD, blockchain excites me because it allows us to transact safely and efficiently. The new wave of smart contracts blockchain allows will drive efficiency in the legal realm and create better commercial governance. IOT also fascinates me for its ability to create smarter cities. By using sensors and big data, we can optimize things like housing and transportation infrastructure.
     I am particularly excited by the emerging work done in artificial intelligence (AI) and augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR). I am passionate about the field of education technology, and AI and AR/VR have been touted as the future of this field. In popular technology culture, many await the day when a strong AI can create personalized learning akin or succeeding the capabilities of a teacher. A popular application of VR to education is the development of virtual field-trips to rainforests and volcanoes. I am incredibly excited by these applications, but I am aware that there are many more smaller-scaler applications that may not even be conceived currently because of the infancy of the work that these emerging technologies are having on education technology. I hope that learning and using these emerging technologies will enhance my intellectual toolset and inspire me either to contribute to the aforementioned AI and AR/VR applications or to envision and create my own.