Love IDEO
We're designing a blockchain solution to fake news and exploitative online ads.  It's consumer-facing, so design and UX are crucial to get right.  IDEO obviously has an amazing reputation for its design-centered mindset, and because we're building a market-disrupting solution, I want to learn from the best about how to implement our solution in a way that will deeply resonate with customers & partners.
"I enjoy collaborating on weekend projects with like-minded individuals. I've previously helped organize a Startup Weekend event in Oakland and participated in a couple as well.

I also want to get a deeper understanding of the design thinking process and I have a love for learning. I believe a growth mindset is extremely important to success."
I love any opportunity to continue learning. I have the confidence, the competence and the drive to take on any challenge. I wish to participate because it would be an honor.
As an engineer, I know how to build a lot of different things. As an engineer with insight into the IDEO process and Design thinking, I can build the right things looking at the future of technology.
I was invited to the November 5th makeathon, but my car broke down on my way from NJ to Boston. I even tried to borrow a car to drive up in time, but I would've been too late to get into the event. I'm still as interested in working with a team of smart people to solve a problem now as I was then. I recently had my car repaired, and I'll definitely be able to make it this time (I can provide documentation, just in case you hear this excuse often). I'd love it if you gave me the chance to attend. 
I enjoy working with creative individuals to identify problems and work on unique solutions. I enjoy the challenge of working in a constrained time frame and coming up with novel ways to build and test prototypes. I also want to begin reconnecting with innovators in the USA--have spent the past 2 years in China immersed in the world of low and medium volume manufacturing and want to bring that experience and my connections into new collaborations.
I first heard about this program a year ago but unfortunately was not selected due to the competitive applicant pool. However, a year later, I feel my industrial design skills have improved exponentially. Fortunately, one skill set that the RISD industrial design department is great at executing is the culture of working in teams where each member specializes in a certain field. I feel that it is these sort of environments where I am best capable of quickly generating ideas and responses to tackle the problem on hand. Hearing the people and backgrounds that this makeathon bring together sounds like the perfect opportunity for me to engage in a fast-paced environment of design problem solving of which I am most efficient.
First, it seems like an incredible way to connect with like-minded students in a fun, challenging, and collaborative environment. Growing up with two parents as lawyers with engineering degrees, innovation, tinkering, and business have always been prevalent. I started with legos, experimented with woodworking, then moved to metal robots and 3D printers, the whole time imagining how my work could be applied to the real world. I believe my diverse interests allow me to take an interesting perspective on current issues, and being able to participate in the CoLab makeathon could be the next step in exploring how I can influence the world around me!
"        I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I believe it is one of the rare opportunities to work with other passionate individuals from a variety of backgrounds to create design-based, innovative solutions to problems. As a student in both Computer Science and Architecture, I believe there is so much room for interdisciplinary design innovation and the CoLab is a space that embraces such an intersection.
         I think that the CoLab makeathon opportunity would challenge the way I think about design, and open doors to other mediums of innovation I had not thought about before.  As an undergraduate student, it is often difficult to find organizations that embrace the point of view of someone who has yet to go to graduate school and it is wonderful that IDEO CoLab sees this perspective as a valuable addition to design and innovation conversations. Being able to work with teams is something that I find energizing and after speaking to various individuals who work with IDEO and the "
CoLab makeathon is a diverse mapping of branching ideas into a funnel. It works like a social catalysts. The bit I will enjoy the most is the interaction, talking, observing-shadowing, analyzing (brain effort); making, shaping (heart effort) using supportive tools & skills (hand effort). Every participant will be in similar mode with time as constraint (one day) which will make it a boiling place of creativity and problem solving.  It would be a place to escape my creativity and absorb and work with others. I find it meditative and that is why I would want to be present there. 
I am currently involved in a design thinking course. I want to learn more about design thinking and experience IDEOs process. IDEO inspired me to become a designer, even though I misstepped before I landed here. I love working on teams of people with different perspectives and thought processes. I want to meet and work alongside fellow creatives during this intensive challenge. 
I am a maker and curiosity is my passion. I want to apply it to projects with real impact and work on something I care about that explores the potential of emerging technology while also diving into IDEO's Design Thinking process. The CoLab community is a culture of challenging conventions, which inspires me to greater efforts personally and professionally. I value the mentorship approach embedded in the Makeathon; an environment that promotes collaboration to innovate, learn from, and challenge each other. I want to make designs that truly impact peoples’ experience.  
I have great respect for IDEO and for their public goal to infuse technology with design. It is very difficult to find companies and organizations that value storytelling, design, engineering, and art; IDEO is one of them and I would very much enjoy being a part of its community as well as meeting other individuals who feel the same. 
"As a digital product builder, I've spent most of my free time on side projects... experimenting with new technologies. I've worked on Google Glass apps and real-life iron man suits (it was awesome). 

Through my journey as side projecteer, I've learned about the importance of empathy and purpose-driven design. Being able to work alongside a diverse and talented group of people will give me the opportunity to not only learn a bunch, but also contribute in unique ways."
Have you heard of Burning Man festival? It is an annual week-long event where tens of thousands of people who would like to explore various forms of artistic self-expression gather in the Black Rock Desert in Nevada. Due to high risks, it appears to be a survival game where you have to encounter many life-threatening challenges such as dust clouds, getting sunburned, lack of water, and resources. However, through theme camps or exchanging and sharing resources, the burners overcome these challenges. They interact, collaborate and build beautiful artworks together with such spirit and passion in a place to explore, experiment, and fail. As a designer, I aspire to become one of these burners. By interacting and passionately exchanging ideas to an incredible array of inspiring designers, developers and engineers, I would love to see the ideas going wild and real. Learning about IDEO’s Design Thinking process and practise of radical empathy and shared understanding at this Makeathon event
"As a designer/educator/maker focused on the intersection of the arts and technology, I would love the opportunity to apply my creativity to a fast-paced collaborative project with a diverse group of peers.

Having been trained as an artist/designer, I've pursued technology on my own, until arriving at Harvard in September for a 9 month-long masters program. In the few short months that I've been here, I've expanded my technical and design skills exponentially and feel both ready and excited to tackle new challenges.

In addition to feeling up to the challenge, I also know that this opportunity will be a tremendous learning experience. While I had the opportunity to intern at the MIT Media Lab in the fall, my first semester was primarily spent at Harvard's Graduate School of Education, with other education majors. I am eager to learn from both IDEO facilitators and the diverse group of students participating in the CoLab makeathon."
I want to create great products to improve peoples lives, based on IDEO's design thinking approach.
I want to challenge myself to apply my knowledge and work collaboratively with other passionate individuals to design and develop technology to improve the world. 
I am a firm believer that design can be a powerful force in solving the world's biggest challenges. Beyond standard design thinking, however, I am particularly excited by the idea of rapid prototyping as a way to test and iterate product concepts - to learn by doing. One-day sprints always blow me away with how much a group of passionate people can accomplish if they put their minds to it, and I am really excited at the prospect of being part of another IDEO make-a-thon to see what we can build together! Beyond the make-a-thon, I would love the opportunity to spend the summer at the CoLab - to learn more about IDEO's methodology and build out our product concepts further to see where we can take them.
"Ever since childhood, I've been constantly designing and building. 

A sailboat made from used milk cartons.
New paper airplane designs. 
A human airbag. 

I am passionate and drawn towards design -- nowhere else can I express myself through my creativity. 

There is a special, indescribable feeling for that moment when you know ""this is what I was made for"". I was designed for design. 



Notice how even the paragraphs were designed to be short and concise -- yes, my writing style is like Hemingway's -- for the reader's convenience."
I have been designing since I was 10 years old but have only recently started to learn more about the actual industry. I would like to participate in the CoLab makeathon to gain more experience and further my Design career.
I want to grow as a designer. I've been trying to put myself out there and absorb as much knowledge as I can about design. However, I think direct experience is a really powerful way to truly learn. So, I really want to foster my passion for design by getting involved in more hands-on opportunities that really push me to go out of my comfort zone and just think, design, and create!
I love meeting like minded people and solve world's problems alongside creating something from scratch. 
The CoLab makeathon sounds like an awesome opportunity to meet a talented, diverse, and passionate community of people. While making something as a group, I hope to share expertise as well as learn new skills.
Originally from Utah, I am a creative observational nut who has been known for the love of carrots (pretty much in any form). I’m currently pursuing my masters at Rhode Island School of Design for Art and Design Education with a bachelor’s in Industrial Design, thus my interests’ stretch across a wide range of design platforms. From CAD programs and turning bowls on the lathe to graphics and Interactive design, I love it all. Creativity is a chaotic, puzzling and amazingly uneasy practice. Although I am naturally drawn towards tangible design. I am interested in participating in the CoLab makeathon because I see the value in collaboration and I have a broader interest in user experience, education and creative directing. 
In my college experience, I’ve studied architecture and design, computer science, and cognitive sciences. The makeathon is a wonderful opportunity to put together my skills and interests. Since coming to MIT, I've explored technological design using VR, fabrication, and digital products, and I’m passionate about human centered design and the user experience.
The CoLab makeathon uniquely assembles people from diverse education backgrounds, an opportunity that I am excited to contribute to. Though there are rare exceptions in academia and industry where teams are truly antidisciplinary, this is not common. As a student of both CS and Architecture, I love exploring the intersection of art and tech in the pursuit of better human-centered design. Integrating empathy into my work has been one of my core values and something I think the CoLab makeathon will value and celebrate. I also believe that people of many backgrounds are more creative as an aggregate and am excited to see what this event will produce.
I would like to use the workshop as a way to absorb new ideas and guide my thinking in my own work. 
My passion for all things digital began at a small tech startup and has been the backbone of my career ever since. For 20 years, I've served as UX evangelist/trusted advisor/digital strategist bringing innovation into established organizations in many countries. I'm ready to return to my entrepreneurial roots and find new ways to apply design thinking and emerging technologies to help make a difference in the field of education.  
I am passionate about solving problems & making things that improve people's lives. CoLab seems like an incredible opportunity to do that & to grow while working alongside other amazingly talented makers.
To be clear, I don't intend to join IDEO for the fellowship (though I would be open to it). This makeathon sounded interesting to me, and I want to see if there are going to be applications of IDEO's design thinking to problems related to urban planning.
I am passionate about media and technology, and I am incredibly excited about the possibilities around AR, VR, and connected devices with regards to storytelling. I would love the chance to design the future of this space with a group of equally passionate and creative peers.
"I love designing. My favorite group projects revolve around thinking of solutions that don't yet exist. I spend my free time reading up on new technologies that exist in industry, and think about how consumers can use them.

I dream of creating products that solve products in simple ways, and I want to combine skills that I have with skills that other people bring to the table to expand my knowledge. I believe we are currently in the third industrial revolution, and new ways to use tech will change the ways future generations interact with the world. I want to attend the CoLab makeathon to create something beyond a gadget, but to create something that changes the way we look at the world."
Nowadays, technology drives society. Technological innovations are causing major societal shifts and are shaping our world like no one thought possible. This is a reality I want to be part of. That's why I have been constantly searching for new opportunities to connect, explore and learn. To improve my skills, both on the technological and business aspects, and to meet with leaders and industries committed to creating the future. I believe the CoLab to be a perfect opportunity for such experiences.
Working with people of different backgrounds to make the world better with design is an opportunity I continually look for in my every day life. Studying both computer science and design, I believe in the blend of these practices and the potential it has to impact products and the lives of others. Plus, how often do you get the time to spend an entire day iterating and moving a project from ideation to completion.
I'm incredibly interested to be in a collaborative design thinking environment, working alongside other creative technologists. My master's program, ITP, was a highly collaborative  code, policy, art environment, and I love seeing what happens when put in a high intensity, highly creative space. 
IDEO has been my dream company. Designing is close to my heart as it is an expression of creativity in the business field. I love creating products, disruptive products.
Collaboration brings passion from all sorts of diverse disciplines, and to participate in one facilitated by an amazing company like IDEO sounds like fantastic experience. My personal design and thesis research has been in the connected fitness field, so working with others to find a designed home for technologies is right up my alley.
I want to get my hands on experience with design thinking
Innovation necessitates good design, of all sorts, whether it involves business, visuals, science, or tech. Being passionate about both, I want to participate to learn from bright and talented team members, flex my design thinking muscles, and tackle a challenge to actually build and prototype something. Hackathons have always been fun for me, so learning and personal growth aside, I think this sounds like an incredibly exciting event!   
Thinking about what I want to do next, post-RobinHealth, I find myself envisioning where we will be 10, 15, 30-years from now. It's hard and maybe impossible to know the specifics but the external forces and trends are here today. I want to start building for the future. CoLab is one of if not the best place to do that and work with a diverse, like-motivated group of people.
I am really excited that first of all, this makeathon will be my first time to work on design projects beyond class works that are related to real-world problems and secondly, it is such a great opportunity to interact with and learn from not only my peers but also practitioners and designers that actually work in this field. I always believe that it is the cross-pollination between technology and liberal arts that will make this world a better place and the makeathon will be the first step for me to actually do so. Last but not least, this makeathon covers a range of topics that deeply interest me. I have always been pondering how design will change in the face of emerging technologies that, in turn, will better serve human needs. Questions such as ‘how should one go about designing UI for VR/AR?’ and ‘Is it possible for IoT to work independently from apps on our smartphones and tablets?’ are the ones I am always asking myself and constantly enjoy exploring.
I currently work as a CS Engineer (3 months and counting!). I love Computer Science, but I don't feel as passionate as I used to. My good friend has worked for IDEO CoLab for two summers, and talks about it at every opportunity. When he talks about IDEO and his work there, he has the same passion that I am really seeking, and so I would love to come to the Makeathon to see if this experience brings out that same passion and drive in me.
IDEO’s design philosophy resonates with mine and CoLab makeathon is an opportunity to experience it hands on. It is also the only place I believe where I can meet the most creative and enthusiastic set of people who want to make an impact using their knowledge and resources. 
I think it would be a great opportunity for me to meet and work with people in my field. As a designer I have followed IDEO's work and design leadership for years and look forward to work with them directly
When augmented reality was introduced years ago I immediately began thinking of educational applications. I have a great deal of experience working with school systems as someone responsible for curricular textbook and educational technology adoption. Most tech products were sub-par because they were designed for engagement but lacked the ability to facilitate and accelerate thinking at increasingly-complex levels. I would like the opportunity to be in an environment where I can begin to make deeper learning and engagement using advanced technologies a real possibility through application, exploration, and discovery.
IDEO and its design process has captured my imagination ever since I watched Objectified and Helvetica. I have been to several computer science hackathons, but never one organized by a design firm. I would very much like the opportunity to work together with motivated and curious individuals that IDEO identifies as good fits for the hackathon, but I'd also very much like to have the chance to participate in the summer design experience. I would like to work at the intersection of design and big data technologies, working to make complex technology more usable for the general public. This would be a very different experience compared to my previous software engineering internships, but it wouldn't be alien to me when considering my involvement with makerspaces and design projects in my extracurricular time.
Your statement "We gather organizations, startups, and individuals that might not otherwise work together, and give them a place and a process to get things done" made me interested in your company and what it does. This makeathon is a chance to be part of that
I seek the company of people who inspire me, challenge me, and can be partners in making the world a better place. I am very interested in design-thinking, particularly its application in the context of large education systems and in partnership with improvement science. I have never worked directly on technology-focused design and the makeathon would offer an opportunity to engage with diverse thinkers on new problems in new ways. There's no question this will be a great learning opportunity for me. 
I'm inspired by how IDEO works and would love to explore more from the makeathon.  I believe in design thinking could make a difference in people's daily life. In addition, after taking several related computational design courses, I hope to experiment all the techniques I have with other talented peers.
"I want to learn from a collaborative, cross-functional team, have my thinking on potential products and services challenged, and I ultimately want to become a CoLab Fellow. I have a passion for brainstorming and rapid prototyping, skills I have flexed both in classroom settings in business school and in participating in OpenIDEO sessions. Ultimately, I want to pursue a business designer career so that I can combine my passion for creative and collaborative work with my strategy-oriented approach. In particular, I am interested in the intersection of how new technologies and services can transform our approach to age-old challenges and can deliver more access. 

CoLab would be a tremendous opportunity to broaden my knowledge on the Design Thinking process and to expose me to new thoughts and ideas that will make me a better design researcher, a better business designer, and a better collaborator.
"
I've always been passionate about design, and that quickly translated into a love of technology as I've gotten older. I want to do things, make things, design and create artifacts and systems that make some type of positive effect on the lives of people. Design is just another form of storytelling, and stories are powerful. I want to use my skills to change the lives of others, and I feel like IDEO would be the perfect place to try and do that. 
During my time at my family start-up creating a new memory technology, I've really enjoyed being a part of the entire product design cycle. With my business strategy background and recent studies in data science, I would like to be part of an innovative team in the emerging technologies enabling IOT and AI.
Bacause I want to work with other talented designers, learn, play(work) and make something awesome
I am interesting in building the next generation of Products that leverages AI and hence has uncertainty/predictability in the product 
I want to work with people who also aspire to create cutting edge products. I'd like to learn the latest technologies and build cool projects with like-minded team members.
"Going by the nicknames of 'MacGyver' for my resourcefulness and 'positron' for my relentless pursuit of science (and positivity), I am ready for the challenge of makeathon. My preparation for this test of innovation is constant, as I continually scrutinize my daily life by asking 'How can this be better' -- a question that has led to the development of various recognized entrepreneurial initiatives: a Coffee House at Harvard to fill the need of a space for musical expression, and Mad Scientist to revamp the way science is taught to elementary school kids with interactive experiments.

My extensive experience with lab work, coding skills, and instrumentation have given me experience I am excited to apply in the creative setting of makeathon. I've worked in a synthetic biology lab to genetically engineer novel biological systems, and observing the deflection of cosmic ray muons using scintillators and related software. If there was ever a place for a positronic MacGyver, it's here!"
It is a unique opportunity to share and work with other people and I'd like later to work for or with IDEO
I've recently started learning about user interface design after my Intro to HCI class a few months ago and I think this is the field that I can bring all my talents to - technical as well as creative. I think this makeathon would be a great opportunity for me to explore my creativity and for me to push my boundaries. I've been to hackathons but never a hackathon just for design and I think it would be a great experience for me :)
It is my dream to break frontiers in the world of human-centric design, circular economy efficiencies and empathetic learning and education and i know that IDEO are the best place for that. I want to meet many people and learn from them but most importantly, elegantly connect.
CoLab makeathon gives students the opportunity to work alongside world-class experts across exciting technological industries and I think that experience would give me exposure to a career space that genuinely excites me while I'm able to provide some insight to the team via the experiences I've garnered. I think think it would be an eye-opening experience and I'd love to be a part of that.
"I want to continue to break the stereotype of the typical Tuck business school student. I am pursing my passion for design, innovation, and user experience, while most my peers succumb to the pressures of generic career opportunities that present themselves via on campus recruiting. I want to have this opportunity to participate with likeminded entrepreneurs, designers, and technologists who bring the same level of passion that I have for the industry and ideation. This type of opportunity does not present itself unless specifically sought out, and I am seeking it. I want to work with others on this day long event to ideate and solve real problems, while making lasting connections. If, afterwards, I come out of it with the opportunity to work for my dream employer, then that would just be icing on the cake for me.
"
I would love an opportunity to apply the design skills and methodologies I've  been learning in Industrial design at California College of the Arts as well as my background in marketing and music to technologically focused design prompt with an ambitious team!
I am passionate about solving humanity problem with cross-disciplinary collaborations of design, technology, and business. Also, CoLab is a perfect opportunity for me to gain knowledge in the purpose driven design process.
"1. Exploration
My job at a research lab is exploring user stories of technologies that are being experimented in the labs. The areas cover deep learning, image understanding, immersive media etc. I want to explore the IDEO design thinking method. Makeathon is an excellent format to combine theory and practice.
2. Collaboration
My current workflow is a bit silo. This Makeathon opportunity will build a great collaboration environment for me to learn and be inspired. Also, I can provide a different perspective to the group. I lived in Shanghai, Los Angeles, Seattle and now relocated to the bay area. Good design needs to involve different culture backgrounds and perspectives during its early stages."
"This year I made the career change from public art and branding design to working in UX UI in tech. I discovered my hobby of building websites and designing systems was something I wanted to pursue further, and that UX was the perfect field to investigate my lifelong question of ""How do good decisions get made?""

I am excited about the opportunity to learn from peers in tech as well as being able to contribute my experience designing meaningful pieces and pushing the boundaries of my own creativity as well as inspire others. Meeting new folks to work collaboratively to describe problems and execute results at a quick pace is something I enjoy and am always working towards. CoLab is a wonderful opportunity to learn in an IDEO design guided setting, learn and practice my new skills as well as share my visual design experience."
I want to create, innovate and revolutionize. The CoLab Makeathon would not only be a wonderful opportunity to actually apply all of my favorite discplines (EE, MechE, CS and other engineering fields) together, but also to exchange ideas with my peers. That is what all great products stem from. 
"Before starting my MBA, I spent two years as a project lead for SPARK Experience, a boutique design consultancy specializing in UX research. There, I became hooked on design thinking and on the power it has to create products that people want.

Participating in the CoLab makeathon will not only help me keep those skills alive -- if you don't use it, you lose it -- but also learn new ones. After all, since IDEO is the leader in design thinking, there is no better place to learn. 

I'm also excited to participate in the CoLab makeathon because of the topic: the technologies that we'll be working on have the potential to change the world we live in, and I can't wait to be in a room full of smart people who are thinking about that future.

Lastly, I want to meet people from different backgrounds and with different skills. During my time at SPARK and at HBS, I have found that different perspectives are what bring a great idea from concept to life."
...it's fun as hell. Do I need a more sophisticated, political answer? How about this: as a storyteller focused on film and emerging digital technologies (AR/VR), I've looked to IDEO to apply Human Centered Design + Design Thinking best practices to story development- which often can be non-collaborative, waterfall, and centered on outcomes at the expense of process. I want to participate in the makeathon to bring my perspective to a diverse team in making something great together. But mostly it's just a hell of a lot of fun.
" I think contemporary design that affects and appeals to emotions. design is derived from life. Or rather, it is life. I want my works to be down to earth and easily approachable to viewers. It is a series of thoughts that call for interactions and participation from anyone who is interested. I think Colab is a best platform to achieve this goal.
"
The previous CoLab makeathon I attended, I could learn about IDEO's design process that has greatly influenced my own process both at school and work. Irrespective of the fellowship opportunity I am excited about working with cross-disciplinary team from the best of brains in the bay area. Also, making valuable connections with people who have the business / design/ technical skills I might lack is an important motivation for me to attend the Makeathon.
I am passionate about working on projects that integrate research and design. The CoLab excites me because its work is all about applying design-centered technology to solving real world issues. I also would like to work with a diverse community of people who bring different strengths to the table but are all passionate about thinking outside of the box on an issue that matters.
It is a really great opportunity to meet new people and learn from experience designer and peers. I really want to know how design firm work. In addition, I am working on my thesis project related to AI, which is targeting on middle age group people. I am thinking how this kind of technology can be accepted by aging people and what kind of role AI play in people's life.  CoLab is focusing on AI AR/VR and IOT which are my interests. I had passion on these topics and really want to know how these technologies reshape people and society. 
"-Want to engage the process of designing with technology.
-Want to work with people from other  disciplinary.
-Want to experience some latest technologies, AR/VR.
-Want to learn IDEO's design thinking.
-Want to make/prototype things!"
I'm deeply interested in the future of how we communicate information as novel medias arise through novel technologies. 
It is my passion to work alongside other talented and insightful fellows from different career specializations, to simply create. And it would be a privilege to do so at the CoLab makeathon. I am a multi-disciplinary designer with experience that bridges software engineering and business services. Human-centered thinking is driven into my problem solving practice, and I thrive within cross-functional teams as I gather and integrate requirements from different perspectives to decide on the best foot forward. Moreover, I naturally reframe problems to find new ways to think about them, and am happy to iterate and iterate and iterate with feedback. I like handling ambiguous problems that have challenging constraints, and the CoLab makeathon represents an opportunity to do exactly that.
I want to be part of something bigger than my bubble 
I believe that IDEO is setting heuristics for the future of technology and design. Using insights from the company and to be able to collaborate with some of the most creative intellectuals in the country would be truly spectacular. I am really excited about coming up with products that are innovative and out of the box. 
IDEO is my dream firm to work at, including those impressive networks of IDEO. When I was a programmer, I felt it's boring to repeat the same thing every day, and I found I'm more passionate about doing some creative things. Recently I talked with my professor Barry Katz about working at IDEO; he inspired me a lot. I reassured that IDEO is the exact place where I want to begin my career after graduating.
I am interested in emerging technologies and the various opportunities ahead both in design and prototyping.
I am passionate about design thinking and it's potential to elevate the usability and intuition behind every digital interaction. CoLab makeathon is the perfect opportunity to utilize my skills in the both development and design to make something useful. I want to learn and communicate with likeminded people from different disciplines from start to finish of a project and I believe I have great leadership, communication, and design skills to bring to the table!
"I am passionate about creating emerging technology products. As a Mechanical Engineer, I've designed a variety of products, including neurostimulation headsets for athletes and augmented reality displays for helicopter pilots. 

I am now in the process of transitioning to product management. I have applied for MBA programs that start in the fall. Learning how to utilize IDEO's design process will help me better understand how to manage products to reach successful adoption.

At my most recent company, Halo Neuroscience, I was the in-house mechanical engineer from concept to launch of Halo Sport, a neurostimulation headset for athletes. Unfortunately, I was laid off in January due to suspension of mechanical development at the company following lower than expected sales of the product. This opens up my availability to participate in the CoLab makeathon and the summer fellowship, prior to beginning an MBA program."
"As a computer science student at MIT (on exchange from Cambridge University in the UK), I've had the opportunity to dive into the science behind some of today's most exciting emerging technologies. In addition, through my interest in product development and entrepreneurship, I've had the opportunity to take part in activities ranging from hackathons (where our team has won multiple prizes) all the way to receiving funding to develop and launch a venture in sensor data analysis. 

The CoLab makeathon will give me the ability to apply my experience in these areas and interact with talented students from multiple specialities to (hopefully) design and build something that has a meaningful impact. This is particularly appealing as I look forward to working with a diverse range of driven students and hearing about their experiences and ideas.  More personally, I'm very interested in working on developing technologies to help people in the future - which is a core ethos of this makeathon."
Combining strategy considerations with design thinking and maker culture is powerful. I want the chance rub shoulders with other creative minds and create game changer narratives for the future.
I would love to participate in the Colab makeathon because I believe IDEO is an incredible company that combines coding and creativity in a way not many companies do.  As a result I would love the opportunity to spend a day working on IDEO projects. I would love to participate in the Colab makeathon because I believe IDEO is an incredible company that combines coding and creativity in a way not many companies do.  As a result I would love the opportunity to spend a day working on IDEO projects. 
The fall semester IDEO makeathon was one of the most fun days of making and collaboration I have ever experienced. I would love to do that again.  The reason I am interested in the makeathon is because I love to make things. As designers, engineers and artists, we are constantly making stuff and adding to the plentitude of objects in the world. But we now find that most of these manufactured objects are not biodegradable and will never be able to go back to their original material form. I am interested in a future where biomaterials with the help of advances in synthetic biology are the primary source of materials for daily objects like furniture, vehicles and devices. I look forward to designing objects and systems where we take modern technology and fit it into a whole new material and therefore change the experience of most of our physical interactions with the world around us. Thats what inspires me.
I love making things; it's the easiest way to impact your community. However, there's a  difference between making something which helps 10 people, and something that helps 1,000. The effort is the same, why not learn how to help 1,000?
I think it is a crucial time for design and technology to take the center stage. With so much happening around us, it is our responsibility as designers to leverage the technology and look for viable solutions. I really believe designers have the empathy and the capability to enable others by design. For above reasons, I love healthcare and challenges associated with it, and how design can intervene and create positive impact. 
Since 2013 I've created work focusing on the confluence of emerging technology, design, and business. I think about that intersection all day and even dream about it some nights—because I'm a huge, passionate, curious dork. The CoLab makeathon presents a great opportunity to revel, play, and work with new incredibly passionate, curious, and creative people. In summary—I just want to have fun with new friends and change the world. 
The Makeathon is an awesome opportunity to create products using design thinking. To work with a diverse set of passionate people to build a functional new product is exciting.
I think I'd learn an incredible amount from the people around me and I still am really unsure what I want to do with myself so I'm more than ready to inspire and be inspired by those around me. Also I've had a company crush on IDEO for many, many years.
I am passionate about cross-disciplinary innovation for social good. I hail with a background in engineering, consulting, and now public policy, and I would love to join IDEO in creating some of the next era's best life-saving ideas. 
As a tech startup founder in 2013, I have witnessed (and participated in) the accelerating inflow of capital to startups and watched how technology is changing the world at an incredible pace. While venture capitalists and technologists might be excited for the next viral product or social network, I believe there is more value to be unlocked in the next few years than just fun digital inventions. I believe those with the most to gain from technology are the undereducated, the underfinanced, and the underprivileged communities all over the world. I think IDEO CoLab will be an interesting exploration into how these technologies are moving the needle for society, not just a small group of wealthy investors.
I love coming up with ideas for book series based on trends in pop culture, science, and gaps in the market, and I have ideas for apps as well. I also am really excited about how storytelling and character development will fit in to (and be relevant for) new mediums like virtual reality. On a personal note, I have been a fan of IDEO's work and of the Design Thinking school for a long time, and wondered if I should apply for the graduate degree at Stanford. I like the idea of an intensive immersion in the IDEO philosophy, and the opportunity to collaborate with other creative people to create something new.
I am a keen maker, designer but also an entrepreneur.  The makeathon sounds like an opportunity to be surrounded by a diverse mix of people that are drawn to making things like me.  Design based workshops/sprints like this always bring something unexpected and create the best environments for research and innovation, so I am intrigued and curious to find out what amazing lightbulb moments can be achieved in the day.
I have spent the last ten years prior to attending my doctoral program using technology that was provided to me. I was limited in my thinking about how I can increase my student's learning experiences because I lacked the ability to think outside of my constraints. I believe the CoLab makeathon will not only expose me to different ways of thinking but also engage me with a variety of perspectives to make the best possible solution for the end user. 
I work in a client facing environment thinking and prototyping on the possibilities and impact of VR, AR in storytelling for museum environments.  I want to expand my thinking in CoLab makeathon and create experiences that elevate virtual environments to emotional, poetic, trusting and educational levels.
I'm studying a Master in design studies where research and design converge, so participating in the CoLab by IDEO is an opportunity to live the professional practice of Design Thinking for a day, working alongside some of the best students in the area and the leaders of Design Thinking worldwide.  
I want to dig deeper into intuitive product design while exploring emerging technologies such as virtual and augmented reality and artificial intelligence.
"All the best kinds of sandwiches always start with an unlikely combination: peanut butter and jelly, banana and bacon, french fries and calamari. I think the same goes for design, and I've always found that my best ideas come from unlikely collaborations. 

Like a sandwich shop gone rogue, the makeathon is a space that embraces the power of uncommon pairings. Its mission is to create productive chaos. It forces participants to learn to swap languages and create from new perspectives. I think my experience as a spatial storyteller would be a useful asset to a team of makers. I can't wait to be the coleslaw to someone's jelly beans."
With my experience in past hackathon events, I have learned the value in collaboration and brainstorming fun and innovative ideas.
"The makeathon is an opportunity to join an educational project where my team mates aren't burdened by years of institutional  history. I’ve gotten to work in an innovation center and have a background in blockchains and AI. But, I haven’t gotten to do a lot of speculating futures with other folks who have a growth mindset. I see this as a place where I might be able to level up my teamwork, visual design and facilitation skills. Lastly, I want to work in a team where business needs have a seat at the table but don't drive the conversation. 
"
I'm interested in exploring how technology shapes human behaviors and how we as designers can do about it.
"My passion and calling is to turn the art of innovation into a science, this is what I spend all of my spare time doing (and volunteering! let's chat and I'd be happy to share my research). 

As an entrepreneur, I've failed twice and finally received funds ($200k+) and can see the light at the end of the tunnel (Uber booth sponsorship, 14k+ users, & Forbes feat. on Dec '16).

Creating value where it didn't previously exist is what I want to keep on doing and help other do on daily basis. That's why I am ramping up my work at Trep.ly and intend to make it my fulltime job if I can as soon as SmartAble.me is in a Growth/Execution stage. I am currently developing: an innovation sprint program, an online platform (just like SmartAble.me) that matches the core founding team members based on compatible personality types and complementing skillets, and finally a toolkit that gamifies developing your own startup in a fun and decluttered way!"
I have always been amazed by the impact creativity and its forms can have on our lives. Its funny how sometimes even the smallest details can change the way we do thinks. I can't help but think of my parents who I always saw as simple people. Today though Facebook has become their religion. Before Facebook was created I never thought they had such passion for technology and social media. This is when I started to really believe in the impact technology and creativity can have. It is both inspiring and humbling to be part of an event like yours at IDEO, surrounded by so many creative minds with the same goal: -Make a difference in the world while reinventing the wheel.  
I believe our generation has to face some of the biggest challenges in history and we need to find new ways to approach old problems to find solutions. I believe design thinking is the best method available to find new solutions to this problems. This is why I want to join the makeathon and have the opportunity to join Ideo for the summer and perhaps more. 
I am extremely interested in emerging technologies and working with them to produce something that can change society
It is such a great opportunity to work with peers from different backgrounds and bring awesome ideas (almost) into tangible strategies and models. With my background in finance and design, I have always been interested in technology-related designs and businesses that offer innovative solutions to our lives. Now here's the chance.
"Transparency film taped on the wall.
Markers of all colors.
Daydreams and night dreams.
Scribble scribble. 
Build, test, iterate. 

I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I want to (gently) bump heads with creative minds to bring action with ideas. As a holistic designer, I heavily consume information that range across many disciplines for sustainable creativity. I am the scribbler of dreams and a maker of mobile/web app designs, videos, blog posts, greeting cards, home art, music, memories and human connections. 

Let me CoLabborate with you this year and run in the creative marathon."
I am passionate about the intersection of technology, strategy, and human centered design, and am ecstatic about the opportunity to focus on this intersection in the company of others who share my passion, and who have complimentary skill sets. I want to collaborate with like-minded individuals to take on important and meaningful problems!
I've worked under pressure and time constrains with agencies in the past but I admire this opportunity to work with a group of people who don't necessarily come from a design background. This makeathon is the closest combination of finding a solution for a something without the limitation of company guidelines or budget which makes for large possibilities of creating something completely detached from what's already been produced. 
I have a huge interest in how emerging technologies can be embedded in our lives and how designers can effect the way it has done.  So, now I am learning to use diverse technologies, including VR, Cognitive AI and trying to make them a part of my design process. 
I really want to have more working experience and meet new people. I am also  interested in technology and future. Currently, I am doing a project about AR/VR and this is a great change to share the idea and bring more creativity.
I'm interested in exploring opportunities in VR/AR
I'm interested to see how this approach can be applied to problem solving in Education and be able to use it with students and adults in an organization.
In my former life, I was a consumer & retail investor, and I am fascinated by the intersection of these technologies (especially VR/AR) and shopping experience, and what that means for future of retail and brand building. I would love to explore that and other questions associated with these technologies from a consumer-centric standpoint!
Learn about the idea generation process at IDEO and, through this process understand if IDEO is a good fit for me.
I'm really passionate about designing and creating solutions to address the real world problem. I'm also looking forward to work with people that have the same passion with me. 
I love working with talented makers who bring different skills and perspectives to the table. During long hours spent in studio, frustration and exhaustion often fade into the background when I notice that I’m working among passionate designers, who are also working as hard as humanly possible to test new ideas and offer spatial solutions to complex problems. The makeathon would force me to learn new skills and iterate efficiently, both of which are intimidating but also exciting. Participating in 24 hour playwriting and drawing festivals in college were incredibly fun, and I’m sure the makeathon will be too.   
"I care deeply about the underlying social and political compact that hold society together.  AI and block-chain technology have the potential to radically change those compacts, either in deeply destabilizing or virtuously uniting ways.  My life mission is to make sure its the later. 

I believe this makeathon is a perfect opportunity to explore these themes with technologists, engineers and business designers.     "
I love solving tough problems and thrive in ambiguous environments.
I want to have the chance to be inspired by others outside of the architecture field. CoLab makeathon can address problems outside of my current studies, and allow me to be immersed in a whirlpool of possible solutions.
"1) I want to be a part of creating something innovative. 

2) I want to meet and interact with awesome, creative people

3) I just want to be fully creative in solving problems."
... I want to use the power of design and technology to change people's lives. The makeathon is the first step in this journey.
I am excited about the opportunity to work with others to create new and exciting things.  I'm passionate about IDEO, design, and the technologies that are being explored in this makeathon.
I am interested in how new technologies, such as AI, will redefine the way people perform work in the 21st century. IDEO's focus on design attracts me as a way to make sure we harness technology as a force of good rather than an impetus for aggravating societal problems.  I hope to contribute my own ideas as well as learn from other technologists interested in similar problems.
I want to be at the forefront of bring these  new technologies to solve real world problems. My start-up is using AI to analyze, match, and predict; software development. 
...it would be a dream to have the experience to work with IDEOs teams in their everyday environs.
I love imagining the future by making functional prototypes, and I've been inspired by IDEO's design work (e.g. Redesigning Death) for some time. It seems like the makeathon will be a great opportunity to both learn more about CoLab's work and about the structure of the fellowship, as well as work alongside people coming from a variety of skill sets who are all excited about deeply investigating the potential social implications of emerging technology.
I am a thinker, doer, maker, inspirer. I use insights from quantitative logs, survey responses, conversations, the market, and gut feeling to create a handful of options to pursue when it comes to business and social impact. I want to change the world and use my product skills to do so. I've launched software products, wearable products, and more with intentions to better the world. Ethics stick at the forefront, as do bettering humans. If I could work all day on products and services that only better humanity, I would sign up right now. Cognitive Science has governed a lot of what I think towards perception and unlocking human potential through experience and positive behavior.
I love building things in highly collaborative environments.  Working with a team on an idea, from concept to execution, is deeply fulfilling for me.  And its fun!
It's very important to improve this field 
I would love to make something with other young students and to learn more about IDEO's design process. 
I am excited to delve deeper into learning about the nuances of this innovative field. I am extremely interested in learning about the ways that design affects user behavior and thrive in a collaborative environment. While my work experience is limited, I have thoroughly enjoyed my coursework in my design classes and hope to explore these concepts further. I hope to be able to learn more from fellow designers who are knowledgeable of the field and current practices.
My main passion is to imagine and build tech products that improve our overall happiness, connection and effectiveness. This is what I’ve done for the past 4 years in Ed-Tech using big data and what gets me excited to wake up every day. I see in the makeathon the opportunity of working with a passionate and talented group of students, of expanding my perspectives on user’s empathy during the prototyping and to collaborate in the fields of technology that I’m mostly excited about. Being an expat, I truly value the diverse perspectives and can also collaborate with my own experience as a tech-entrepreneur and business student. Besides all the fun during the event, I'm also excited about the opportunity of being a fellow during this summer. I'm currently working on a VR/AR side project with Stanford colleagues, and the possibility of expanding my network and knowledge with this curated group inspires me to reach a bigger impact and help others to do the same. 
"I heard about the CoLab makeathon from a friend of mine who was one of the participants from last time, and the one thing he highlights is that every sentence that he heard from people there was educating and cool. I have found that I have always learned the most when I am surrounded by experts and by having conversations and debates with them and this opportunity seems like the perfect fit.

Furthermore, my friend _x001b_also told me about how the teams are multidisciplinary at these makeathons. He emphasised the importance of such teams especially when they were solving problems because each and every individual brought their own expertise to the problem statement. If given the opportunity, I would love to be a part of such team because I think I can contribute a great deal through my experience and skills and at the same time solve complex problems with talented individuals by exploring solutions which I could not have thought about without them."
A few reasons: I've worked with IDEO in the past, and would like the chance to do so again. My day to day role is as a technologist and designer developing solutions with emerging technologies, in particular IoT. I'm a maker, creating my own devices and gadgets. And I want to join a new team looking to tackle big, human-centered challenges!
"I study hard everyday in UX/UI design & HCI/Graphic design. 
I have an experience of Blind people research with Brown university. 
Blindfind project: indoor hardware navigation for the blind, this is a glasses project with 6 cameras, kinect sensor, IMU, haptic belt and other hardware. 
What I need to design is the audio UX & interface and haptic-belt UX & interface. Qualitative user research (i.e., usability studies) & Quantitative research (i.e., data analysis), (Consumer modeling, Experiment design, Psychometric analysis, Surveys, Usability studies (lab-based))
I couldn't show the detail because Confidentiality contract。


I have another research experience for Blind people in Boston Carrol Center.
The document and detail show in this link.(The last third project in this page)
http://www.caojinnn.com/industrial.html

"
"The IDEO CoLab is an opportunity to tackle a Design Problem in Technology and quickly prototype the solution with a team of diverse and talented group of people that, that have achieved expertise in their field. I am very interested in the area of researching emerging technologies and believe that these are going to change how we live our daily lives. 
It would be very exciting to discover new possibilities and solutions through the CoLab session. 
Additionally, I have been working at the intersection of User Experience Design and Virtual Reality and would like to apply these skills to a rapid prototyping session using Design Thinking. "
As a designer, creative technologist, maker, and geek, the IDEO CoLab makeathon combines several of my academic and professional interests. I believe that emerging technologies are a canvas for understanding 21st-century design challenges and that speculative design can help create transdisciplinary and systems-level solutions to wicked problems. Given my professional experience in social innovation, entrepreneurship, and public policy, I know that IDEO is a game-changer in creating unique design-driven approaches to many of these same issues and would relish the opportunity to learn from the masters. 
This is a great way to see and experience the effectiveness of collaborative design. I'd like to understand more about IDEO's method.
I love the vision that CoLab is exploring cutting-edge technologies that have great potential to be used for the good of humanity in the next decades. Being a part of this makeathon will help me envision what future can look like in relation to some of the technologies that we will be exploring. 
I'm interested in honing my skills as a designer, engineer, and entrepreneur. As a college student about to enter the workforce, I feel as if I've learned about the maker process in various classes, but have rarely had a chance to work through the process alongside a larger team. I see the CoLab makeathon as a fantastic opportunity to not only design and prototype nifty ideas, but also improve myself by learning from enthusiastic and talented individuals. This year's topics also look incredible as they each have and will continue to revolutionize how humans interact with their tools.
as a policy student, I am interested in using technology to improve access of services and its efficiency in government. Prior to coming to HKS, I worked for a FinTech startup called EFL Global that pioneered psychometric credit scoring to open up lending opportunities to entrepreneurs in developing countries. My interest in entrepreneurship and innovation also inspired me to co-found a video learning app called 30S, where users can upload bite-sized videos of up to 90 seconds on any topic to answer a short question about anything they deem interesting, sort of like an intellectual "vine" app. The idea is to inspire learning and curiosity through interesting but short videos.
I am passionate about the intersection of art and technology, and the areas of research pertaining to the human-computer interaction, not limited to AR/VR/Mixed Reality, real-time graphics, user interfaces, and visualization. I came to study at MIT because I understood the creative abilities a engineering background could give a student, however I am not solely interested in the technical field alone. I am just as interested in art, design, usability, and aesthetics, and believe in the power of effective knowledge transfer between disparate domains as a way to innovate in any field. This is why I find the advent of AR/VR/MR so exciting, because it directly throws the fields of engineering, art, music, entertainment, and design together in an attempt to redefine how humans interact with computers and digital information. To me this time can be compared to 1984 when Apple released the first successful personal computer - the area is ripe with possibility and I want to be a part of it.
I am a designer and a programmer, and I love applying technologies into design and make exciting things happen. I want to participate to meet people from diversified background and create amazing things together.
I am energized by creative individuals, and am excited to work as a team to make inspiring prototypes. It's a great opportunity to leverage the strengths of a diverse and driven group, and apply design thinking from different perspectives. I'm fascinated by technology, especially its immense potential in emerging economies like Southeast Asia where i'm from. I've only scratched the surface as a VC, and am now transitioning to a full hands-on role to help build the next great product and company. 
I’m really interested in the summer internship. Even though my background is in architecture, at the Harvard Graduate School of Design I’ve been focusing on technology driven product design and prototyping. I’m confident the internship will be a highly valuable experience for me, as it will advance my knowledge and experience in the field by learning from people in the business.
To inspire and explore my research area: AR, VR, IoT, HCI. To meet intelligent minds on the same road.
"I’m very interested in IDEO and would like to join the team after graduation. CoLab makeathon is a good opportunity for me in get in touch with the multidisciplinary team and the collaborative exploration environment. I believe it will be an eye-opening experience for me in my future career. Especially, I would like to explore more about the emerging technologies including AR/VR, AI, blockchains and their impacts on human systems and the relationship with our daily lives. I’m now working as an AR/VR teaching assistant at Harvard Innovation Lab as well as some urban and interactive design projects at MIT Media Lab. I’ very interested in Design Thinking and would like to explore more into its application in the real world.
"
The makeathon itself is a great opportunity to polish my skills. While I'm a physicist by education and a software engineer by trade, I consider my most-valuable and hardest-won skill my strength at communication. I've tutored and developed my educational strengths ever since high school, but recently have particularly grown focused on applying these skills to business and product decisions. While a lot of business requires less rigid reasoning than pure math or programming - and so can be unintuitive to me - I've spent my last  year at Lola (a small startup) taking on more of these responsibilities as they come up and using the opportunities to improve my "soft" skillset. I believe this makeathon would be a great opportunity for me to both exercise my technical knowledge, but also continue to flesh out my business and design knowledge so I can move closer to my desired position as the bridge between the two.
I love working on side projects and want to learn more about applying new technologies to disrupt developed market segments. Additionally, I want to learn from the diversity of backgrounds and skill sets others will bring to the makeathon. 
"Ever since I picked up the Legos, I've been a maker! I see my natural progression from school as a path on which I can do the most hands-on building, designing, and ideating. The ideal scenario includes exciting projects, creative people, and interesting clients--all of which Ideo can fulfill! 

I'm at my best when working with my hands on a problem that I'm inspired by. The makeathon is an event I would apply for on its own--the ideal way to spend a Saturday! The  opportunity for an internship to stem from it makes this application a no-brainer. 

In addition, I've heard and seen great things about Ideo, the CoLabs, and this makeathon from Shuya Gong, with whom I have taught a computer-aided machine design course, and played percussion with Harvard THUD! "
I want to participate in a CoLab makeathon because the environment is inspiring and also empowering. From many team projects about designing user-oriented products, I have found that the final idea is usually nothing like what any of the team members had originally thought. It was only through open ideation and building upon each other's ideas that an even better design or idea came about that we wished to test and pursue. The collaborative energy that results from a team with different backgrounds and skills but a common goal is infectious, and I believe it is what defines a makeathon and what makes the participants so capable of producing innovative ideas. I want to be a part of this experience in order to challenge my design thinking and to build something I would not have otherwise without the ideas and skills of other team members.
I believe in collaboration, co-creation and long-term thinking. Today's emerging technologies such as AR, VR, IoT and more carry great potential that can be unlocked if they are transferred into meaningful solutions. I find collaboration of individuals who are intrinsically motivated to learn from each other, ask questions and look for solutions extremely valuable to unlock that potential. Though makeathons are far from being the end in themselves, they are great first steps towards long term thinking and co-creation. I would like to be a part of that first step to transfer my knowledge of the world to others, while seeing the world through their eyes and together, make way for new discoveries.
it is a win-win situation. At worst, I can spend a day exploring new topics and ways of thinking with people I have yet to meet. At best, I can extend the day of exploration into an entire summer.
I think the CoLab makeathon would be a great way to meet other individuals that are passionate about innovation and technology. It would be a great opportunity to get to work with both the other participants and the facilitators from IDEO to come up with creative solutions to projects.
I am committed to working across silos to deploy innovative, effective and scalable solutions that positively impact under-privileged communities in India. I believe that widespread social impact happens best when we can use a wide variety tools across sectors. Human-centered design is a particularly critical one. I want to participate in the makeathon to develop my own design skills and learn how to apply them for social change in India. 
"I've done multiple design thinking projects with my consulting group and hope to do more advanced work with emerging technologies as a Makeathon participant. 

"
"1. In the long run, I am interested in driving base-of-the-pyramid economic development in emerging markets. Emerging technologies disrupt conventional economics (e.g., transaction costs, information asymmetry) and enable innovations that can transform people’s lives. I’m excited to explore these possibilities with IDEO.

2. I would love to meet other likeminded people who share a similar interest in the intersection of design, technology, and innovation.

3. I love venture design. I participated in CoLab’s makeathon back in November and really enjoyed my experience (I got waitlisted for the January fellowship). I’m game for another fun Saturday."
"IDEO has been at top of my dream company list since college. During college at Berkeley, I was involved in a Berkeley design thinking club, Design for America, and got to know about design thinking. I dedicated to social impact since I was 10 and even founded my own NGO successfully; but for the first time I was inspired by the creative process of design thinking and its huge potential to solve social issues and business challenges. I was involved in designing curriculums to trigger high school students' learning curiosity, and was exposed to projects that addresses bicycle thefts at Berkeley, food wastes, and even doctors' hand hygiene issue. I was thrilled.
Upon graduation, I joined the top consulting firm, Bain, to address business challenges with a classic consulting approach. Two years of intense training provided me with strong analytical skills beyond the creativity I fostered during college. I believe my broad industry exposure, case experience have well prepare me for CoLab."
I have deep respect for IDEO and their design mentality. I have been following the company for months through Youtube and company's website. I am also passionate about IOT, AI and ARVR. I think these three needs to work together to create the future. I want to participate in the makeathon to gain perspective in these areas and to meet with peers and experts who share the same passion and drive.
For most of my life I have either worked in research or in government solving a few problems without a time horizon that seem extremely complicated and entrenched (how and when should a government intervene in its labor markets?). CoLab seems like an interesting way to solve a design challenge in a short amount of time with an end user in sight. These are probably problems that I have a blind spot to using techniques that are completely unfamiliar, and thus would give me the greatest learning opportunities. 
 I want want to tackle engaging problems with intelligent individuals from a range of backgrounds. This opportunity is exciting because i will get to work with people that approach problem solving with a different process. As a student of industrial design I am always looking for ways to enhance my abilities in research, synthesis and concept iteration. Additionally,  it will be a fun and rewarding day and a great way to meet others interested in enhancing our world! 
I want to experience the creative relations that are made by working together in a design thinking setting. I am passionate about tackling challenges in a team-focused approach!
I believe the makeathon is a great opportunity to collaborate with other makers and designers, to generate new ideas, and to learn more about IDEO's processes. 
I am really excited about the learning opportunity to explore emerging technologies and to understand how they change our lives. More importantly, I am pumped to be meeting like-minded people from diverse backgrounds!
The opportunity to collaborate with such a wide range of world-class experts to actually create a proto of something innovative is exactly why I decided to go back to school. I'd love to learn IDEO's methodology on prototyping and design thinking and continue to build my creative confidence.
I am excited about working with people from different background and leveraging the collaboration to make an impact. I love the environment where people think wildly and act positively. Also, IDEO CoLab is very much a dream place to me. 
Our firm, just like most international service organizations, needs to build a deeper understanding of emerging technologies and the potential impact on the social and business impacts in the future. I am a member of the European EYNovation council and am passionate about building awareness and implementing developing technologies within our firm and our clients. With my understanding of the public accounting field and history in tech industries, I am uniquely qualified to recognize opportunities, build meaningful dialogue and, most importantly, inspire and excite change in a service field with a huge impact in the business world.
"I'm trusting my closest friends on this. They say I'm an idea-person. 
While I'm not one to brag or assume what is seemingly skill on my part- I am one to take the advice of those closest to me. 
I'm slowly releasing a lot of unique ground-level social experiments and more this year starting in March. 
After reading extensively through the IDEO website and through your content I must say, I'm impressed by your projects!
As a maker, artist, designer, and technologist who tinkers creatively with what people are into I know I would enjoy an opportunity to commit myself and my skills  to IDEO. 
I rarely enter this place, but, I consider myself an advocate for those things I work to support and, I was able to see myself advocating for your initiatives. 
A combination of advice from those closest, My wit, and visions of advocacy have lead me here to apply for the internship opportunity! "
I really enjoy making things and want to apply this passion to product design
I want to help drive transformative social change. There is an empathy deficit in our world that drives the social divisions in powerful electorates, prevents effective collective citizen action, and is detrimental to the effectiveness of social welfare systems. This comes largely from a lack of exposure and immersion that is rooted in physical and sociological divides driven by racism, classism, sexism and a lot of other social hierarchies. These won’t change overnight. But their are ways to disrupt status quo experience to make people feel and think in a way that their current  situation does not allow - such as VR. As a social impact professional, I know my background in social welfare & behavioral science is essential for crafting VR applications to address these systemic challenges. But creating them and getting them in the right hands will require a lot of other skills and connections.  The IDEO Makeathon and Fellowship can help me put these ideas into action.
"Through looking at the implications innovative technology has on the breadth of humanity the past, I find myself concerned with designing the experiences people will have with emerging technologies. The implications these technologies will have, both intentionally and inadvertently integrated in it by we who develop it, will dictate how these technologies develop. 
 
An example of this are the domestic technologies that we tacitly accept in our daily lives, such as fridges & laundry machines. These technologies continue to be marketed towards women, but were developed by men. Laundry machines intended to reduce laundry time, but instead rose standards for cleanliness, meaning actual users spend MORE time on laundry. If women had a greater say earlier, how might these technologies have turned out? 

I feel very passionate about bringing this logic to the Make-a-thon, about being able to challenge what technologies can do before they fade into the background, becoming insurmountably set"
"At my orientation for Haas last summer, I attended a talk on Design Thinking. Up until that point, I hadn't realized that creativity and business could be so intertwined. I thought that by attending business school, I would eventually have to give up the creative career I had had in lieu of a more structured role in business . My fascination with the theory of design thinking led me to Ideo, and ultimately, to the CoLab makeathon. The makeathon seems like a great opportunity to experience problem solving and design thinking first hand. It also seems like a chance for me to step away from my current career and explore the world of business design while learn from the best of the field. 
"
As a second-year M.Arch 1 (Master’s in Architecture) student with diverse academic and professional background, I am seeking a career in diversified, technology oriented fields,  working alongside multi-disciplinary team engineers, designers and business-minded people to creating innovative, interactive outcome.  I want to see how my design capacity could be applied to different background. In addition, I believe this makeathon experience must broaden my view in AR/VR, blockchain and IoT technologies, which I am fascinated with. Finally, I am also interested in the summer fellowship, which will help me explore unknown knowledge, improve my analytic and problem solving ability, as well as my communication skills with team members.
"I cannot imagine a better place to meet a diverse and skilled team of similarly minded individuals, aiming to shape how we use technology in various parts of our lives. I am most excited about being able to work in a team with varying backgrounds with similar goals and interests. As a graduate student, I value learning to a great extent, and there is no better way to learn that to meet other enthusiastic experts in an event made for collaboration.

Secondly, I cannot stress how exciting it is to actually make things. I spend most days involved in research, and though I love the pursuit of knowledge, as I just mentioned, it is hugely refreshing to make real tangible things. I joined MIT’s Hacking Medicine group, a team whose core focus is organizing healthcare-oriented hackathons locally and around the world to foster innovation, for a similar reason. I enjoy opportunities to build, make, and collaborate. The CoLab makeathon is an incredible opportunity to do just that."
I am interested in participating in the CoLab makeathon for three reasons.  First, I want to hone my expertise in the user-centered design process which I see as paramount to transformative K-12 solutions and reform.  Second, I want to experience the fast-paced, collaborative energy of generative work.  I am excited to make something with new and diverse colleagues.  Third, in my work as COO, I was familiar with the process and operations of product design and launch.  However, I have never experienced the process first-hand as a designer.  I am eager to increase my proximity to the work as a way to develop empathy for the product lifecycle.
"1) I want to contribute my skills in AI, IoT and UX design to solve important problems. I’m a PhD candidate with training in computer science, human computer interaction and digital fabrication. I’m current designing and building intelligent thermostats for encourage energy saving as well as smart homes for supporting spinal cord injury patents. This year’s topic fits my experience well and therefore I believe I can contribute the most. 

2) I want to learn more about how to better organize makeathons and how IDEO works organizationally. I have funded a design studio at the University of Michigan and we’ve hosted a makeathon event with Lilypad inventor last year. I believe the world should have more organizations like IDEO to amplify the impact of design. 

3) I want to work for IDEO after I graduate. I’m passionate about unifying technology advancement with considerate design practices to create valuable services. This internship experience can help me solidify my career plan."
IDEO is working on the cutting edge of not just technology, but also system and interaction design - and that's what I am at MIT to explore. 
"As a graduate of an architectural design program who is interested in materials research, I am trying to position myself to get involved with research work that is happening in the design world.  I want to make connections with others who are being playful and innovative with materials and looking to use their work to improve the way we live.

I want to find a way to work in offices that bridge the boundaries between research and design and that have their own research wing."
I want to explore a  new  world of  dedign 
I enjoy the reflective practice of participating in iterative design processes and it would be a blast to do so at the CoLab makeathon. The topic of thoughtful applications of technology for the betterment of society is central to my work, and I am eager to learn about others’ perspectives and to imagine better futures together. It is a ripe time to leverage decentralized network and emerging tech and media and I appreciate spaces for prototyping new possibilities. I am always looking to connect with like-minded designers and technologists. I manage the Boston Civic Media network- a group of scholars, practitioners, and community organizations that share knowledge and resources related to civic media and am excited to bring new ideas to that network.  Also, my friend Richie Mendel participated in CoLab programming and highly recommended this experience. 
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because this seems like an amazing opportunity to learn about emerging technology, which would allow me to use my innovative skills in new areas.
I am a mechanical engineer who enjoys using my problem solving technical skills to critically think and design products for the world.  Through academic courses, my 'products' have often been tangible physical items like robots, yo-yos, an interactive gramophone, or a disposable-glove removing product.  But in the latter two projects mentioned, I have learned about and started to develop the design thinking skills it takes to create a user-centric product.  I enjoyed mapping out the user experience and then building a product that creates the intended experience.  I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because it will allow me to continue building on my design thinking skills while learning from a diverse group of peers as we work towards a common goal.  This makeathon is a next step in my learning as I collaborate with others to empathically understand users to better advance technologies.
I am excited about design thinking and want to get more of a technical understanding around person-centered design to help drive innovation in education. My program is focused on system-level leadership and we are tasked with creating a project that can change the sector this semester. I believe this makeathon will push me in ways that are rigorous and outside of my comfort zone in the best way. 
I would love to participate in the CoLab to get my hands down to the nitty gritty of technology focused design. I've been studying about partnerships between technology companies and researchers in my program in addition to creating a social enterprise using low-tech technology, but I have not have the opportunity to really create and explore high-tech options. I'd like to try this out if possible--but the makeathon falls under the day my best childhood friend is getting married in California, to which I'm her chosen Maid of Honor! I'm hoping to be able to participate in an alternative event, and hoping I can still be considered for interning at IDEO over the summer.  
"	1. I think I am at my best when I'm working hard on a project with a team of creative, energetic, and intelligent people, especially people with different backgrounds so we can create and learn at the same time. This Makeathon event sounds like a place where I can be at my best. 
	2. I especially like human-centered projects, because the motivation is clear and the users are relatable. I'm also very interested in the social and systemic impact of technology. I've frequently inserted myself into a roomful of lawyers, policy-makers, businessman, or sociologists during their discussions on impact of technology. I think this philosophy of being technical but also practical and well-rounded is very similar to that of the CoLab.
	3. Also I'm about to graduate and am actively looking for places where the nature of the work suits my personality and training. IDEO has always been a magical land of some sort in my mind, and R&D is even better cause that's what I'm familiar with. So I would lov"
It's incredibly stimulating to work at the nexus of many disciplines. In my experience, creative solutions to technical problems can be the most valuable. They do, however, require a wide range of skills to strategise, design, and execute successfully. I'd love to contribute to a day focused on morphing a whiteboard of ideas into an intuitive application. Big picture, honing in my skills to turn ideas --> applications, and several disciplines --> one cohesive strategy and message will position me to make a significant impact on the issues I care most about - those concerning the environment.
I am eager to join a creative team which allows people do what they want about sharp technology like VR, Ai, etc. I enjoy making stuff with people from various background. I believe only when idea become real, it valued. And I love creating real stuffs. 
I'm interested in CoLab makeathon because I'm passionate about how new technologies and human centered design approaches can be leveraged to solve social problems. Through innovative design, I think we can make progress on many social issues, and I think the CoLab makeathon is a great opportunity to be a part of the formation of new ideas and solutions.
The CoLab makeathon seems like an extremely stimulating experience. First and foremost, the perspective of solving human problems using new, powerful technologies such as AR/VR, IoT, blockchain is a challenge that I consider very interesting and for which I'd like to dedicate a portion of my life after studies. Second, the CoLab is an extraordinary opportunity to test and challenge my ideas with young, passionate people from various schools in Cambridge. Confronting ideas and working with them during the span of a day is a profound, stimulating experience in my opinion. Third, one of my close friends from my program participated in the last CoLab makeathon and described what seemed to me as an incredible cooperation between teammates to solve problems using an innovative approach. Lastly, since I'm interested in joining IDEO for the CoLab summer fellowship, this makeathon would be a perfect simulation to gain more insights into how a summer at Ideo CoLab would look like. 
"I want to be challenged!
I want to collaborate with new teams. 
I want to share my expertise and learn from others. 

I have learned an enormous amount during my time at WGBH, but I have begun looking to move on and try something new. Being part of this IDEO fellowship would give me new skills and perspectives. 

This fall I took the Acumen IDEO Human-Centered Design course. I am a passionate proponent from user-centered design; taking this course further ignited that passion. This fellowship would give me the opportunity to learn even more about your practices. 

IDEO is an amazing organization; participating in the makeathon and the Fellowship would be an honor. 
"
I am excited about digital media design and human computer interaction and I want to use both my coding and my design skills to create things and make the world better.
"now is the right to come together to build stuff that solves real problems.
My Ph.D. research involves working on things that may one day help others. However, recent events in the country has left me disillusioned, wanting a purpose to apply my technical skills towards. Moreover, I have this growing feeling that technologies like AI and IOT are ripe to support new kinds of economies. At the event, I hope to find folks at the event to design and build interesting systems that provide new foundations for a better world."
I love design and problem solving. The make-a-thon seems like a really great opportunity to build and put my education to real use!
I would like to collaborate with business talents and impact the society with tech-drived designs
I am very interested in sharing ideas with and learning from the perspective of a group of people with diverse background, as well as understanding how the process of creation of new ideas and designs.
It is a tremendous opportunity to challenge myself as a budding designer. To be able to work together with talented, motivated people and get our hands dirty designing and making is the kind of thing designers like myself dream about. The Makeathon is exactly the type of design space that I believe can produce great discourse, connections, and just really cool stuff.
I like making cool things! I don't consider myself an expert, so I can only get better by making more. I also look forward to meeting and working with other inspiring makers!
I've always enjoyed making things. I love the challenge of problem solving and designing products that are effective and attractive. I love the process of creating solutions that bring tangible benefits to people's lives. A good design is an intricate part of any good product. I am excited about IDEO's design thinking; its marriage of creativity and practicality is something that I admire greatly. The CoLab makeathon is the best way to experience and learn first-hand, spend a day with fellow makers that share the passion for designing amazing products, and not to mention the prospect of spending a summer at IDEO CoLab!
because it's hyper cool. I hope my skills could prove to be useful to this wonderful challege where people get to explore the complex nature of the problem and try to come out with a solution where they don't just conform to the normal understanding but also unique aspect of it where it could be improved through means that are otherwise not possible. yet although i see the limitation of such competition, but the emergent property of such complex system could produce could be beautiful to look at.
I'm always trying to improve on my abilities as an entrepreneur. This would allow me to learn some problem solving skills that can be applied in the day to day operations of my business 
I am currently working with two other educational designers from Singapore to create an educational enterprise.  Our mission is to create innovation studio labs within the K-12 public school system to better prepare our students with the dynamic 21st century skills needed for the future of work.  I am excited about the opportunity to create, share, and learn with and from my colleagues at the CoLab makeathon regarding the integration of emerging technologies in a diverse setting to provide students with meaningful learning experiences.
My professional interests have become more and more aligned with the merger of art, journalism, and public good. Thinking outside the box to find ways that art can have an intentional and positive impact on a population and movement is something that I have become increasingly interested to explore and deliver. 
"I've acquired a lot of digital and physical prototyping skills in the past years, but I'm eager to put those skills to work in a different context, with bigger, more pressing challenges. In school, my work gets driven solely by personal interests and insights, but magic can really happen when you bring a lot of different minds together.
"
It is a tragic time for human rights. Both globally and nationally, those most marginalized - forced into exile - are finding themselves unwelcome. Innovation within the humanitarian sector is needed now more than ever. And while it is a field that has traditionally trailed behind emerging technologies, I feel the impact these technologies could have on the refugee crises is not only immense, but vital. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I want to reverse the damage that has been done and start shaping how technology like open source networks will help those fleeing conflict. 
my passion is patient-centered healthcare innovation and design can create accountable, informative, and empowering tools.
Comfort is the enemy of progress. What better way to push yourself to think and build better and farther than to be put into an environment of strangers from diverse backgrounds, education and viewpoints. I love IDEO and love their crusade to put design thinking in neglected areas. The areas of AI and VR are on the verge of changing our lives for better or worse and its a imperative to get as many people thinking about what that world will be like. 
I want to bridge the gap between engineering and design. I believe that IDEO implements design thinking better than most. I believe that working in teams with people of different expertise often leads to elegant and holistic solutions. 
I am interested in participating in the CoLab Makeathon because it is an opportunity to build upon my ideas of how to design better systems for city living --whether through IoT for energy efficiency or AI for driverless cars. I am also passionate about collaborating with other people to solve problems or build new technologies to improve the way we live, work, or play.  The makeathon will be a unique way to expand my thinking and share my expertise to help someone else develop an idea. 
"On my years of working at Black Box I became passionate about helping entrepreneurs and businesses transform their ideas from the drawing board to market. By participating in the Makeathon I will have an opportunity to put my knowledge and skills in complex problem solving and design thinking to the test, get a glimpse of how the IDEO works and hopefully be given a chance to join the Fellowship program.  
"
I want to create meaningful products that enable people to tell their own stories - and I know that the CoLab makeathon will give me further experience on the way to my goals. 
"I am really passionate with innovation and business development and I believe I can contribute a lot based on my communications network engineer background and many years of experience working in IT and technology business.
I am a team oriented and highly result driven professional, so I strongly believe I can add value to the team and contribute to a common goal."
One of my friends introduce this event, I am very interested in. I have participated in such event a lot before. 
I love making things, I’m a tinkerer.  I chose to attend Northwestern University because the engineering lab inspired me.  I have had such a great time working and creating in the lab.  I want to continue working in that kind of fast paced and innovative environment.  At a networking event, I met someone from IDEO and was awed by his job and experience because it seemed to be everything that I love doing.  I would love the opportunity to come to IDEO and see firsthand if it is somewhere I want to work at in the future.
Mainly because I am passionate on creating things, all my hobbies are based on creating things, from building dune buggy's to woodworking and what best experience to have the chance to build a new prototype with a new team learning from the best and using IDEO creation processes.
I am Becca's BEST FRIEND. Also, we seriously need to think about how we could apply blockchain and technology to the crisis of people not neutering their own pet cats. VR won't do it - we need to spay them for real, not virtually - but an IoT network of AI robots might be able to. I think I would be the perfect teammate to help create the first version of SpayBot 2000
I want to develop my business design skills and I am passionate about IDEO.
I want to work in an environment with a group of people who are willing to put in their resources to create something meaningful for others. When there are difficulties, I want them to challenge me so I can think differently from the way I think now.
"I desire to be challenged and inspired, and I see the CoLab makeathon as the perfect opportunity for me to work on my goals as a maker. To me, the role of a designer lies beyond expertise in programs or the ability to make anything visually pleasing. While those skills are necessary, we also experiment, innovate and problem solve. The design thinking behind an idea is the core of a good product. I want to become a designer who focus on these practices and makeathon is the place for me to do so.

The energy of the CoLab excites me — pushing for innovation, passion and entrepreneurial spirit. I look forward to meeting the other makers because it is a rare opportunity to work with other talented makers, especially ones in other specializations. The best idea never comes from one person but a discussion from a diverse group. I am excited to bring my own perspective to the table but also learn from other makers’ expertise. It will be a meaningful exchange."
I love tackling tricky challenges and creating/learning from the people around me!      I have also found that hackathons/makathons allow for a different type of confined collaboration that does not happen under other working conditions and probably what make it so exciting. 
"Design and urban research has been an important part of my academic experience. I am interested in design an urban theory in a way that it can lead to innovative and creative strategies to intervene in the present. Moreover, my proactivity and interest in social issues, specially coming from a developing country, I think can bring different and contrasting insights in the discussion.
I hope to participate in CoLab Makeaton because I enjoy being in interdisciplinary environments and solve problems together. Sometimes the architect is pictured as the “master” that creates beautiful things, however I think that architecture and urban design is far from that, we should work tightly with engineers, developers, polititians and the community in order to validate the discipline through making change. Design is not a “luxury” is a tool to change the world.
Finally, I am willing to have an open mind and learn from the vast range of other disciplines as we work towards the same objective."
I love to find solutions to tough problems that have a profound impact.  I believe that with a diverse, multi-disciplinary team and the right tools, we can transform the world using these emerging technologies.  The CoLab offers an environment that fosters creative thinking with passionate individuals who can drive systemic change.  I believe that great innovation can emerge from those who are focused on the user, passionate,, and open-minded about new methods to solve tough problems.  An individual technology won’t necessarily be the silver bullet, but with the right team and a methodical thought process behind an idea, the CoLab makeathon can enable prototyping new ideas quickly to efficiently to test and drive immediate results.
I like to make! Plus, the makeathon sounds like an amazing experience and opportunity to be exposed to both cutting-edge technology and incredible, creative people, from whom I can learn so much more than how to implement new technologies. Plus, I would really like to undertake a summer fellowship!
... I value working on teams with diverse skills, especially while investigating the future of technology and how to functionally and emotionally integrate it into daily life.  I also have great respect for IDEO and would value the opportunity to learn from your methods and approach.
I am excited to partake in a space where I can not only put into practice the principles of design thinking and innovative problem solving that I have learned through coursework, but further understand IDEOs specific creation process. This particular immersive experience that the CoLab offers will provide me a framework and design space to collaborate across disciplines, pull from individual talents, and draw from specific expertise to  design, prototype and iterate. Additionally, I am excited at the possibility of being selected for The IDEO CoLab fellowship--being surrounded by, working directly with and learning from IDEO team members, I will be able to further my passion for designing systems of usability and access.
I've always loved technology because it allows me to make life better - both for myself and for others. When I was at Boosted Boards, I realized that even two motors on a skateboard can improve lives and have an enormous societal impact. When I look to AR/VR and artificial intelligence, I see so many uses that can profoundly impact our education system, policymaking, healthcare and countless other areas -  overall improving quality of life. I know that the makeathon will be a great opportunity to create quick and dirty prototypes to validate these awesome applications.
I am a dedicated practitioner of human centered design and believe the opportunity to work amongst a diverse, intelligent and ambitious group of individuals to find new ways to solve problems would be the equivalent, for me, to winning the lottery!
I enjoy prototyping and experimenting with things. It's my belief that all great ideas come as a result of experiments. I learn by a combination of reading, discussing and making. I've participated in a few makeathons and hackathons before - they proved to be great places to network and build interesting projects. 
focusing on Human centric design to make easy to user to understand , Example- VR-AR
"- I recently took part in user testing for IDEO. I would love to experience and understand more of IDEO's design thinking and process so that I can apply the logic (where relevant) to projects I'm working on.
- I'm happiest when I'm working fast, collaborating with others and producing (and iterating on) useful creations quickly. I think the Makeathon would be a perfect place to meet a diverse group of people, learn a lot from each other and from IDEO and ship something awesome.
- I enjoyed hearing about IDEO's previous Makeathon from two of my friends who attended (Hugh McFall and Pia Zaragoza).
- I'm recovering from a year-long medical problem and would love to kick-start my return with a high energy, creative weekend! (The illness doesn't affect my ability to take part.)"
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because IDEO has lead the forefront in design thinking and the people that are gathering for this will come up with extraordinary ideas! It is my core belief that self-growth is achieved by surrounding oneself with extremely dynamic thinkers that push you to think harder and farther than you have before. I also believe that as the world becomes more connected these emerging technologies have the potential to better ourselves and each other in very meaningful ways. Lastly new technology has always intrigued me and to be able to think of new and exciting ways to use them sounds like the best job in the world.
I recently participated in a social entrepreneurship bootcamp, where I learned that there is no better time to start ideating than now. One of my passions is to improve human life, and it would be a learning journey for me to experience what it's like improving the community around me through innovation. I think that the CoLab makeathon is the perfect opportunity for me to get my feet wet in the world of creative design and making.
"I've never really believed in hackathons / short 1-day sprints as a means to solve any real problem in a deep, meaningful and sustainable way. I do believe in short sprints to pick up a new technology and imagine how one can push and combine technologies in provocative ways, which is exactly the ethos of this makeathon. 

I currently TA a class called Beyond Bits and Atoms, which looks at how emerging technologies and physical computing interfaces (e.g. AR, tabletop interfaces, Kinect, Arduino) can be used to create cool educational tools for constructionist learning. 

I loved tinkering around to create dream toys for kids, but also loved thinking about how to scaffold a short 2-hour class to help students tinker and explore particular technologies. I hope to take that same spirit of tinkering, and scaffolding, to the makeathon, and dig into a particular new area, with other folks who are as interested in playing around, breaking things to make them awesome. "
I am a self-discovered maker looking to test my skills at a higher level! My undergraduate degree in anthropology 8 years ago helped me develop key observational and analytical tools that have helped me grow as a professional, but only when I started combining these ethnographic lenses with business and hands-on making did I find my true calling. I began by starting a social enterprise focused on enabling Chinese youth to learn to make and assemble their own bikes as a method to encourage alternatives to car ownership. Throughout this process we held several "co-creation workshops" with the community youth to make bikes better for them and their identities. These workshops helped us turn a 25-hour build process (for our new beginner students) into a 16-hours! It also made the bikes better suited for the Beijing environmental and cultural environment. By participating in IDEO's makeathon is that we can begin to do enhance our bikes with co-creation workshops with digital technology!
I would love the opportunity to learn design thinking methods from IDEO, and work with like-minded technologists, business leaders, and designers! I believe that design thinking is crucial for the future success of business products. It is an essential skill that I must learn to develop as an effective product and business leader. 
Having been lucky enough to attend the November 2016 Makeathon, I have witnessed firsthand the wealth of design knowledge and empathy that the IDEO CoLab brings to its work. As a visual designer living in San Francisco, the hub of social impact work and innovation, I am constantly wondering how to ground my work in a larger context that benefits others at a fundamental level. The IDEO CoLab's extensive research process, coupled with its strong collaborative community, reminds me that there are ways of pursuing social contribution as a visual designer that isn't just "making things look nice." I have a passion for connecting with other people and for learning about others' experience,  and relish any opportunity to design for a user; because that means that I am visually communicating not just in a functional way, but in an impactful way as well. The IDEO CoLab proves that such work isn't just possible; it exists. I would love the opportunity to experience it!
I became interested in design as a career after taking a design class last year. I would like to participate in the makeathon to explore and understand the design process, make cool projects in collaboration with a team, meet other people with interest in design, and experience something new!
I want to work on tough challenges that really make an impact in the lives of people. To be successful doing that, one need to apply a creative problem solving skill set that goes beyond the analytical one and leverage at best the latest technologies. At CoLab I could do all of this in a very diverse and supporting environment
"I LOVE IDEO!! For many years!! I'm excited just to think about there's a chance to get the precious summer fellowship to what with the most talented innovators! I've applied for internships in IDEO Shanghai twice but did not get in, and I'm trying to make myself a better designer via my second Master degree here in NYU. 
And the makeathon itself can be inspiring!  Hackathons are always good starts for innovations. I love collaborate with people from different backgrounds.
"
The classic IDEO 'redesign a shopping cart' video is why I'm a designer; I've followed IDEO my entire career. I believe smart design can be a part of every decision, and that design is much more than visual aesthetics. I'm a 'left-brained' designer who's spent the last 5 years working in emerging technology and I can gleefully explain complex crypto technologies to anyone. My most recent visit to IDEO in SF solidified my excitement to be part of such a great culture. Being close to the epicenter of great design is a top priority for me.
I'm passionate about designing informative and exciting experiences that build community, and exploring the world of cutting edge technologies. I'm a maker at heart and learn the best when I'm collaborating with a diverse team and creating things together. I've been studying organizational design and design thinking in my spare time the last few years, and it would be exciting to participate in an action oriented makeathon and explore new ways of learning by doing. 
I have a burning desire to make things; I want to dive into Design Thinking; I feed off the intellectual stimulation of working with inter-disciplinary teams; I am exploring emerging tech fields I want to pursue as an entrepreneur; most of all - this sounds like an incredible amount of fun! 
"IDEO has always been my dream company; your products and board spirit has greatly inspired me to pursue a career in interactive design. I have always admired your perseverance for innovation and promotion of entrepreneurial spirit. 
I am good at grasping the whole picture. And because my ability to visualize concept, I am usually in charge of prototyping the idea right in group projects right after brainstorming. At the same time, I am also able to optimize given systems and create a completely new experience. As ITP is more focused on inspiring concepts an ideas, I have many chances to learn new softwares on my own. This has made me a great self-starter and independent learner. After developing an idea, I will need to independently look for the most effective way to realize it. 
I realized how bold, brave and advanced IDEO is, especially in visualization ideas in a delightful way and develop new technology such as Augmented Reality. I believe that I will be a valuable asset to IDEO. "
I have been interested in the CoLab for quite a while- the opportunity to work with emerging technologies, to collaborate with extremely talented and creative people, and to learn the process of how CoLab turns science fiction into reality.  
IDEO's model of design thinking is exactly what the Product Design program at the University of Oregon follows, and is the reason I chose to become a designer in the first place. I've always been a maker; as a kid learning how to use a scroll saw from his mother, and now as a fresh college graduate entering the professional world. I've always had the drive to create things that are beautiful, make people think, or make their everyday lives just a little more pleasant. I want to use my skills and passions to design for a better tomorrow by using everything we know today. I believe that great designs come from in-depth research, rigorous prototype testing, and exceptional craftsmanship, but it all starts with understanding the problem and the user: which IDEO does better than anyone else. I want to participate in the CoLab Makeathon so I can continue to learn from IDEO and carry those skills wherever I may end up in the future.
My time as a digital strategy consultant at Accenture, and and analytical consultant at Google taught me the foundations of business and analytics. I came to the Kennedy School because I wanted to build on this by learning about the social and institutional impact that these technological solutions have on society. I want to participate in the CoLab because I want to challenge myself to voice the cross-functional ideas that I have developed, and to get them critiqued by others. 
"Making and Designing go hand in hand. They compliment each other and pairing the two makes for an often beautiful and engaging result. Unfortunately with school being so rushed there always seems to be too little time to both Make and Design and one or the other gets brushed to the side and given too little attention. 

The Ideo CoLab makeathon is an opportunity I see to pay enough attention to both Making and Designing and will help me grow into a better designer overall. "
It feels like it have good environment and collaboration qualities to make great new things.
I want to participate in the makeathon because Ideo and the framework of the Colab perfectly encapsulates my own understanding and love of problem solving and design. For several years now I have been deeply passionate about architecture, design thinking, engineering, user experience and social engagement, and have often been frustrated that my interests do not always align with clear intersections.  The approach that the Colab optimizes in problem solving precisely speaks to the intersection of these areas however, and I would love to have the opportunity to both contribute to such an environment and learn within its context. The makeathon in and of itself would allow me to be exposed to such frameworks of design, and I know I could learn tremendously from working collaboratively with students from across the Boston area. Especially appealing to me about this makeathon is the extent to which it draws students from a variety of backgrounds, not solely those with a specific skill-set. 
In the fall of 2016, I placed 2nd in QuackCon, a three day, team-based, design competition. We pitched our concept, prototype and business plan for a protective track spike guard that eliminates the amount of steps an athlete goes through during competition. Success at the hack-a-thon required excellent teamwork, communication, technical skill, rapid prototyping and strict adherence to a timeline. Participating was very exciting and rewarding. I would love another opportunity to engage in a similar event and contribute my skill set in a cross-functional team. My end goal is succeed at this event and work alongside the renowned engineers and designers at IDEO as a CoLab Fellow.
I am so attracted by the fantastic working mode of IDEO
"From the makeathon experience, I want to feel that thrill of learning & doing, creating something the team never would have thought possible, being amazed by other people's talents and what they bring to the discussion, and try & bring my bit. 

In the longer run, I want to be at the heart of what really worries me.
I'm terrified that if the public sector doesn't learn to innovate, democracies will crumble (I believe user-centricity is our last wall against populism). 
If the public sector doesn't learn the value of innovation, I'm worried economies will wither and die. I'm afraid of the consequences on people's lives — in 50 yrs, what will many jobs and countries become without AI capabilities?
The inability of the public sector to confront this worries me.  I believe with all my guts creativity and innovation hold the key to the future. I want to do my part and get my hands dirty (policies don't create change). For this, the IDEO summer program will be a life-changing experience."
I really enjoy getting thrown into situations or groups and getting a task to complete. Problem solving and idea creating is something I love to do. I am studying sustainable design and I think I can really add an important factor during the event for the team I am on. I also just really want to get more experience in the design field and work with professionals to get an insight on the industry.  
"…because IDEO cultivates a climate of entirely out-of-the-box problem solving that many classrooms and workspaces lack. I would thrive in this environment with its design-thinking culture.  Critical yet encouraging mentors would help me to become more aware of my strengths and weaknesses as a designer, and thus be able to grow.  Last semester, Bruno Olmedo, an IDEO Food + Future CoLab fellow, recommended that I read “Creative Confidence”.  The book’s collection of stories described some INCREDIBLE design feats cultivated by the d.school’s innovative atmosphere.  I discovered my one true love: a story describing how students redesigned an incubator, making it accessible to underprivileged mothers in India.  Now, I am inspired and hyped to explore the intersection of global heath and design. 
After discovering IDEO’s Food + Future CoLab and its emphasis on design that solves intersecting human problems, I ache to be a part the magic.

"
 I took a design thinking class at the d.school for shaping my Stanford undergraduate experience and it really shaped the way I go about solving life problems. I would like to learn to apply design thinking to creating a product. I think that it is a really useful and positive skill for effectively coming up with innovative solutions.
I am excited about design thinking process and about AR, AI and IoT
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I enjoy building things, and I would love the opportunity to be around like-minded people creating something during an intense day. Furthermore, the tech-focused activities of the CoLab would draw people that are thinking about and working at the forefront of technology, which would translate into passionate and motivating interactions. I am also highly interested in the internship that could come out of the makeathon. IDEO itself is such an innovative and creative organization, and having an opportunity to peer into this culture would be fascinating. Overall, this makeathon at IDEO would be an awesome learning experience of creative prototyping at an unparalleled level, focusing on the next generation of technology. 
I believe in the power of rapid collaborative making largely because it allows for rapid-fire mistakes and reboots. I enjoy working alongside teams of people who are not afraid to try new things and new ways of thinking in order to achieve a common goal. I work in physical prototyping every day, but rarely get a chance to work on more conceptual projects. 
CoLab offers a unique space for practical intellectualism, a cooperative effort to face some of the biggest challenges looming on the horizon for humanity. Rapid social and economic transformations are made possible by advances in technology, and this makeathon is focused on some of the most exciting and innovative  technologies of the day. I truly believe that the democratization of technology can help bring about social justice, political reform, and generally help people lead more fulfilling lives. I'm particularly interested in AI, which we are already familiar with at the Narrow Intelligence level, but which is rapidly progressing towards Artificial General Intelligence (Human-level AI). Neuroscientist and Philosopher Sam Harris mentioned in a TED Talk in June 2016 that the advent of a human-level AI could shift global power in as little as a week. That kind of power calls for enormous responsibility, and is the biggest and most important task for innovators to focus on. 
I want to participate because making is the best way to engage students in learning. When students can create their own solutions and criteria for evaluation they become truly agentic and empathetic creators of tomorrow. 
I’m interested in meeting and collaborating with designers, technologists, and activists across fields who share a mutual goal of using new technology, media, and design tools to ameliorate human problems. I’m excited to spend a day feeding off the energy of a bunch of other very excited people. I expect to produce something awesome, and to leave thrumming with inspiration. I’m especially interested in exploring projects involving sensor networks and augmented reality, which promise to change the way that we interact with the environments. Finally, I am excited about working with CoLab facilitators and gaining hands on experience in IDEO’s design thinking methodology.
I like to see what cool ideas people have.  I have a lot of technical skills and some ideas of my own.  Hopefully, someone or some people out there can brainstorm with me and make something really interesting. 
Working for IDEO has been a goal of mine since I was in high school and discovered the incredibly amount of talent and creativity that this organization breeds and nurtures. The idea of being able to use technology for advancements within society and to reshape societal systems is incredibly powerful to me. That is a major ideal that I carry with me everyday - how can what I do, help others? Being a student at NYU's ITP program has also been one of my absolute favorite life experiences. Here, we learn how to learn and along people of so many different types of backgrounds. I feel as though a lot of the culture here at ITP is very similar to IDEO, and the idea of being able to continue being immersed in such a progressive, productive and creative environment fuels my many passions. I want to collaborate and learn from great minds while offering my very diverse perspectives. I want to create for a better future. I want to design a more beautiful life. IDEO is the place to do it.
I ask myself, "how can I make the biggest positive impact in design possible?" and make choices about my time based on that.
I am a seasoned systems engineer who also created a fashion brand.  I want participate in the CoLab makeathon in order to collaborate with other like-minded design-thinkers and explore the cool things we come up with. I believe that perpetual optimism can be a force multiplier. That courage and tenacity in the face of adversity and resistance can pay dividends. We can only create great things the more we learn from each other. 
I would like to receive constructive feedback from current and future professionals on my ideas and gain insight on what I need to learn to improve them. 
"1 Makeathon is a chance to pull out my wild ideas and make them into reality. 
2 I’m eager to make a difference by utilizing my business acumen and entrepreneurial approach.  
3 Being an entrepreneur with social responsibilities, also a member of Harvard SEED for Social Innovation Fellow, I never stop learning with curiosity and meeting new friends who share the same dream with me. Makeathon is not only chance to have a thrilling experience but also an opportunity to meet with new friends.
"
"Controlling energy use while accommodating today’s standard of living is task so daunting that society at large is afraid to address it – not because we don’t want to heal our consumptive habits, but because at times it feels as though there is no feasible solution. This is arguably the most pressing issue of my generation, and I’ve resolved to dedicate my skills as an industrial designer to improve world-wide equity through the distribution of energy. Of course, one cannot achieve such a lofty goal alone; it takes extensive collaboration among all walks of life.  
	My participation in the Yale Healthcare Hackathon taught me that there is immense potential contained in a room of creative people who want to do good. Given the chance to interact with passionate, knowledgeable designers, engineers, programmers, etc., I would feel as though a solution to the so-called energy ""crisis"" is well within reach."
"
As a visual designer and artist, I love the challenging and innovative environment the IDEO makeathon creates. Working with other makers of different mind and skill sets from myself helps me understand the world in a different way. Furthermore, such perspectives helps me see how others prototype, ideate and solve problems. Learning to combine such various lenses into into a possible solution can only happen when working with other creative minds. Having the opportunity to meet and work with other people within the same field during a possible cultural shift is the main reason I would love the opportunity to participate in the IDEO makeathon. Furthermore, have the opportunity to become an IDEO coLab Fellow would be an amazing experience. The fellowship would allow me to participate in a longer duration of design thinking within a group of innovative and empathetic thinkers.  
"
I'm excited about using new technologies to create innovative solutions! The fields of AR/VR and AI are permeating every industry and I'd love to explore the different possibilities.
I love to make and to collaborate with other people in creating  something worth making. Participating in the CoLab makeathon seems like an amazing opportunity to meet like-minded people who not only value design, but also Maker-culture. Furthermore, I am interested in Ideo’s policy and the products that have come from it (my most recent favorite being boston.gov). I believe creativity is a vital part of any process, and that collaboration is something that is often flaunted but ultimately overlooked, but Ideo’s dedication to design and effort in organizing makeathons proves its passion.

I'm interested in the fellowship. My faculty contract is 10 months and the fellowship aligns with my off months. I'm going to engage in some project during this time so it would be really fun to leverage my social entrepreneurship and innovation experience and work with other smart talented individuals. Also, I really like IDEO. I think I would learn a lot as a fellow.
I find it enthralling to be apart of a group of strangers with differing skills and perspectives and, in a day, converge our minds + abilities and produce exceptional new ideas and prototypes together. As a producer, I love the actual making of work, and the process of how ideas takes form. I'm also particularly interested in IDEO's CoLab makeathon for its focus on emerging technologies while also expecting and enforcing a human-center to the 'why' and execution of ideas. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon to make cool things happen with amazing people I've not yet met.
To help others bring out the best in their work and collaborate on a day of fun projects
"Through at IDEO CoLab, I want to move from anticipating the future to building the future.

My desire to innovate stems from my father’s entrepreneurial spirit that allowed him to take his family out of poverty in Pakistan to today where his son is a MIT student. During my tenure at Deloitte, I found a new toolset to innovate: design thinking, rooted in full acceptance of the user as they are. I have experienced the value of this toolset through my own identity journey: accepting myself as a gay Muslim. 

Furthermore, as a member of Deloitte’s Ecosystem and Exponential teams, I helped large retailers reimagine possibilities in the face of disruptive tech like IoT, AI, and 3D printing. Through IDEO CoLab, I will take that experience and turn my vision for the future into reality.

I’ve seen that human-centered design builds robust solutions. That’s why I am in MIT’s design program today. Tomorrow, I aim to lead via building real solutions – that’s why IDEO CoLab is exciting to me."
I'm committed to innovation and designing products and experiences that don't exist. I'd like to collaborate with others who are similarly driven to build the future of emerging technologies.
I want to surround myself with so many different, talented, and motivated people who are so passionate about teamwork and prototyping for positive impact. As a Design for America project team member, I am using design thinking principles with my team to prototype a silent, convenient fidget toy for students. Whether I’m just coming back from conducting an interview or having one of our late-night team meetings, I get so excited when there’s not only a sense of urgency about design, but also a sense of so much potential to actually help people. Participating in Harvard Synergy, a social entrepreneurship workshop this January, and going through quick prototyping of a mentorship program in a week has really inspired me to not overthink and to not be afraid to build to learn. I’ve learned that failing is a step in the process of social entrepreneurship and design, and the CoLab makeathon will offer an amazing environment where I can fail, learn, and grow.
I have been to hackathons in the past and I rarely enjoyed them because of their narrow focus on "building" and "hacking." These events were not designed for students to think creatively. (This is a precedent I personally want to change on my campus, but that's a different story.) A couple people I met last summer held an informal ideathon for five people as we tried to design a solution that impacts the health-worker (ASHA) community in India. We had a long list of constraints, including lack of transportation and resources, and culture differences. We spent 6 hours trying to design and iterate on ideas, and then translating the knowledge into presentable prototypes. I immediately knew that this was the most valuable learning experience I've ever had with a team of people: with a formal design thinking process, we were challenged to solve problems as a collaborative effort between engineering, design, and business students. I think CoLab's Makeathon strives for the same effect.
I have been a part of the Design Engineering program at the Graduate School of Design and the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences; A leadership cum management program focussing on systems thinking and engineering design. There is a big push towards Innovation in Strategy but with a rigorous approach and critical thinking, with a focus on complex problems. I feel the Makeathon will be an ideal place to flex my Design Engineering muscles.
I am involved with Design for America at the University of Oregon, where I work with interdisciplinary groups to solve social problems using the human centered design process. I would like to attend the CoLab makeathon to gain even more experience working in these kinds of teams, and most of all, meet new and talented people. Using human centered design with a more specific, technological focus, would be an incredibly rewarding and educational experience, and I think would help me grow both as a designer, thinker, and maker.
I enjoy taking cutting-edge technologies to design meaning and immersive project. Moreover, I like cooperating with talented people from multi-fields and applying my skills and abilities to contribute on solving practical problems.
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because it would be one of the few opportunities I’d get to interface and discuss with so many people interested in the same goal as me to innovate and create new products. I am very interested in the emerging technologies that will be discussed in this makeathon, especially AR/VR and the implications it has with full-body accessories and activities. Being at MIT, I think I have a lot of exposure to these technologies and I am fortunate enough to get regular opportunities to test them out and work with them; but so often when doing this, I am not afforded the input of others and the chance to work very closely with other people on adding on to my own ideas or inspiring theirs. The world is full of great ideas and participating in this makeathon would give me insight into what others are thinking about and what others foresee with these emerging technologies, eventually allowing us to realize these ideas that were once only dreams.
"Being a student at MIT for about 3 years now, I've been taught multiple ways to solve problems. Whether big, small, tech related, or even societal, I've been taught to break a problem down into it's component chunks and tackle each piece, one at a time. However, something curious I've noticed in myself (and other MIT students) is that we're always in a hurry to get our hands dirty making/implementing what we rushed to believe was the optimal solution. This has caused teams I've been in to dive too deep into a particular solution, only realizing later that there was a much more simple and elegant solution that never crossed our minds.
I want to participate in the IDEO CoLab Makeathon because I need an exercise in divergent thinking. I want to be able to conceive of inconspicuous and simple solutions. I want to be able to explore all avenues to solve a problem, before finally settling on one solution. I want to always be able to take a step back and look at the big picture."
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because there is power in being under the same roof with design thinkers, artists, and technologists who are solving problems that matter. I have previously participated in several VR and AR hackathons and they have always brought inspiration, empowerment, and ideas of collaboration. I would be the happiest person to be selected for the makeathon. Thank you for considering me. 
It's simple -  I want to practice making things and learn from others who have a similar passion to create beautiful and meaningful things.
It's a rare opportunity to use and develop my creative skills. They've always been there, but I truthfully haven't been able to use them as much as I'd like during my four years at college. As such, I'd like to take my academic background and use it to see if I can do what I already love doing even better.
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I know firsthand the speed and power with which small, diverse groups of highly motivated people can address important opportunities. In general, I’m motivated to create impactful change that leverages my passion for technology, so I’m always excited by opportunities like the makeathon to do this with a talented multidisciplinary team of likeminded individuals. Furthermore, I’m interested to learn more about the CoLab’s approach to design.
I'm interested in learning more about Design Thinking and its possibilities in a wider range of environments.
Design, technology and entrepreneurship make me tick. Diversity is also important to me and a critical factor to driving innovation and businesses forward. Collaborating with other other people with different backgrounds and experience than mine, but driven by the same passion is an exhilarating thought. Overcoming challenges and celebrating wins together, with the ultimate goal to create impactful products, is an opportunity that I would be honored to be a part of. 
"
I love working with creative people of different backgrounds to come up with totally new ideas. The fast-paced, collaborative environment of a make-a-thon is very exciting for me, and I have found that my best thinking and creations come from that sort of environment. Whether it's crunch time before a final project, or quickly brainstorming a new prototype or idea, the fluid, unrestrained, and sometimes completely obscure concepts create the foundation for the moonshot, but doable and super exciting ideas. Plus it will be a ton of fun. "
I have a lot of interest in projects that regard social issues and social development. Therefore, I want to participate in the Colab makeathon in order to explore and find innovative solutions for the social community. 
Interning at a Korean business journal agency last summer, I participated in a case study of how IDEO's design thinking helped a Korean stationary company to overcome their crisis. More than any other analytical approaches I have learned, IDEO’s humanistic approach to problems seemed to be the most “correct” way to bring  positive changes to the society. I would like to learn and spread the IDEO’s design thinking method, so that it would be used in diverse fields such as business, education, government, and etc. 
I love coming up with new, fun ideas with collaborative people. It is really easy to say no to seemingly impossible to huge ideas, but those same ideas are going to have the largest impact on the world. I started doing improv comedy last year, and when in a scene, if another actor proposes an idea, I am always supposed to say "yes" to his idea and help build the scene, even if I do not particularly like his suggestion. Saying "yes" creates an extremely collaborative atmosphere not only in theater, but in design groups, project teams, and the workplace. It is much easier to take a huge, somewhat difficult idea and cut it down than to somehow make a boring idea inventive. Ideo is bringing the most talented and imaginative people in the area together for a day to prototype, create, and explore. By going to the Ideo Makeathon co-lab, I can explore topics I am interested in, such as the internet of things and virtual reality, while working with people who are not afraid to say "yes".
"My design career was enlightened by the book “Changed by Design”. It was the first time I realized design thinking could initialize as an innovative impetus of our society to help people express the unaware demand instead of just create the more comfortable chair.  So honestly, no matter what opportunities happen in IDEO, I will have a try.
And also, the main reason, as a student of ITP, I date with the emerging technology everyday to try to create impressive interaction. During this process, I also challenge myself about the potential of these technology in the real world. I am desirable to use these charming technology  to meet real problem and design for the real world. I know this is what Colab is doing."
"I love solving puzzles. It’s why I am interested in design. I am grateful for opportunities to combine my unique experiences with others’ to create new ways to improve the world.
I also want to attend the makeathon for the opportunity to meet with passionate, innovative people. These people cherish the feedback, tackle big problems and, most importantly, aren’t afraid of crazy ideas. I want the chance to meet these people and contribute to and be inspired by their grand visions for the world.
Finally, I am thrilled by the time constraints of makeathons. Some think that it means that there’s not enough time to fail, and thus are afraid of trying crazy ideas. To me, the time constraint means there’s not enough time to be timid. I love the scramble to try countless prototypes to find all the sparks of inspiration required to produce a compelling solution. My favorite creations have come from moonshots that ended up being surprisingly feasible."
IDEO is a dream design company I hope to work for one day in the future. I obsess about human-centered projects concerning satisfying, empathetic experiences. I also want to learn, apply and build my skills alongside other talented and hardworking individuals!
I participated in a "coffee-hack" organized by illy (the Italian coffee company) last year in Menlo Park. That was the first time I encountered the design thinking process, and experienced the exploratory learning and excitement of a hackathon. I teamed up with some students from Berkeley, and ended up winning the hackathon. That led me to take up an internship at illy over the summer, designing integrated coffee technology for third party  baristas and sharing the design thinking methodology with illy employees. In my eyes, the IDEO Makeathon represents the next step in my journey of exploration. I am really enjoying this dive into the world of design and technology, and I'd love to continue that exploration at the CoLab makeathon. 
I am most passionate about impacting human systems through tech + design. As a technologist and social entrepreneur, figuring how to use emerging technologies to impact the world is what keeps me up at night (literally). I have dabbled with designing solutions for food systems in Kenya and health systems in the USA. I'm excited to collaborate with other awesome folks for more awesome innovations.
"1. Meet creative minds
2. Ignite new ideas
3. Make amazing stuff happen"
My aim is to distinguish myself with the characteristics I developed over the years and to be able to provide my know-how as well as learn and broaden my skills while adapting to the challenges encountered during this journey. Being privileged to experience such a challenging environment, I would do my utmost best to make my contribution a proven asset to the CoLab.
I have a deep passion for designing a better future alongside people who are easily excited and care about their communities. I love being challenged and working with teams that harness the expertise and personal stories to create something of shared value. I imagine the CoLab experience will be fast paced and demand me to pick up things quickly, be a great listener, and find out how best I can contribute to the mission of my team. I can't imagine how else I would rather spend my time!
My design experience might not be on the level of most of your applicants, but I'm passionate about impact design and would love to experience a program tailored to likeminded individuals. My curiosity and thirst for knowledge are unparalleled and I crave experience in many different fields. The CoLab makeathon would expose me to passionate individuals from a variety of disciplines and my experience as a college athlete allows for easy acclimation to collaborative environments. 
Although I don't have a technology background, I believe that should not limit myself or my students from utilizing and designing solutions to social problems that encompass technology.  I want to participate to learn how to integrate tech into social innovation projects with minimal technical expertise - so I can teach my students not to limit themselves.
I'd like to learn more about the IDEO design process and get some more experience coming up with quick novel ideas with a team of people different from my normal peer group of Stanford engineering students
When I think about the driving forces in my life, a desire to create has been one of the most influential. It pushed me to study engineering rather than pure math because I wanted my work to result in tangible change in peoples’ lives. It pushed me to study sketch comedy writing and into thinking like an improviser while writing and producing shows. It pushed me to design a discussion curriculum in my workplace around what it means to be a woman in tech in order to enhance empathy and understanding in my male coworkers. Opportunities to create, and do so while surrounded by talented people I can learn from, are something I will always try to be a part of. 
I respect IDEO’s multidisciplinary approach to human-centered design and product development, and I expect the CoLab makeathon will also these ideals central to IDEO. I think that the makeathon will teach me how to work with people from different disciplines in creating products for real users. 
I would love to be a part of the makeathon because it gives me the opportunity to innovate and collaborate with some amazingly talented indivduals. I've particpated in a similar (Hackathon) in the past and it's a thrilling event to be a part of. IDEO is an amazing company whom I believe has really defined themselves in the field of design and design thinking, and I would love to get an up close and personal look into that process. Additionally the content of the makeathon combines almost all aspects of my current interests. I have always been somewhat of a technology geek and would love to go into that field of design. At the same time I have a vast interest in the synergy of business and design which I've gained over work on a college think tank site called MindSumo. Overall the chance to work with a fleet of other brilliant young (or old) designers, in partner with a company at the top of its field, would be a hard thing to pass up. 
It's a great opportunity to meet designers who share the same interest in technology. 
I am inspired by IDEO’s maker culture and the opportunity to be part of the next iteration of hackathon excites me greatly. Without sounding cliché, when you bring together both passionate and talented individuals from diverse backgrounds, skills and thinking, into a distraction free collaborative environment, profound ideation and creativity can take place. Moreover, I am greatly interested in the IDEO CoLab summer fellowship and it is my ambition to prove my candidacy through this unique opportunity with emerging technologies that will impact human systems.
I want to create new thing and work with people.
Over Wintersession, I participated in a social entrepreneurship conference at Harvard College called Synergy, where my group and I brainstormed ideas and came up unique and creative business models and strategies.  I participated in a workshop led by Shuya Gong, which was such a great experience for me and enabled me to realize that I also had great ideas and the ability to creatively think to come up with business solutions.  I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon to take my discovered skill to the next level.  
It sounds like fun. 
I'm what you might call a hackathon addict. I love challenging myself to rapidly build new ideas. I love the people and I've met some of my closest friends through them. As someone pursuing a career in UX Design and beginning that journey, it's critical that I continue to challenge myself to create captivating products and to learn from as many people as possible.
I took a course on Design Thinking offered by Harvard University, co-instructed by an IDEO Design Researcher, and I have a huge appreciation for the methodology in building fool-proof solutions through human-centered design and collaboration. At the makeathon, I’m excited about meeting and working with a diverse team to research, brainstorm, develop and test solutions. I turn every opportunity I have into a learning environment and I believe this is a place that I would leave a smarter person every single day. I have always admired IDEO as being an incredibly innovative organization that I believe will be a catalyst in transforming organizations to meet the rapidly changing consumer needs of the future through technology. I believe every single company will eventually invest in the kind of innovation and design that IDEO offers. IDEO is the only organization out there that I truly dream to be a part of, and I’m determined to make that a reality. 
I took a course on Design Thinking offered by Harvard University, co-instructed by an IDEO Design Researcher, and I have a huge appreciation for the methodology in building fool-proof solutions through human-centered design and collaboration. At the makeathon, I’m excited about meeting and working with a diverse team to research, brainstorm, develop and test solutions. I turn every opportunity I have into a learning environment and I believe this is a place that I would leave a smarter person every single day. I have always admired IDEO as being an incredibly innovative organization that I believe will be a catalyst in transforming organizations to meet the rapidly changing consumer needs of the future through technology. I believe every single company will eventually invest in the kind of innovation and design that IDEO offers. IDEO is the only organization out there that I truly dream to be a part of, and I’m determined to make that a reality. 
I am excited of the opportunity to work on future focused technologies with people that I don't personally know. It is because I believe that working outside my comfort zone and collaborating with others is the ultimate way to truly exceeds ones expectations and accomplish community-driven objectives.
I am currently in the one year MDes IxD program at CCA chaired my Kristian Simsarian. This has led to a strong practice of IDEO's processes and thinking in the program across projects. My main objective is to see how IDEO enacts these methodologies in the environment of a makeothon and see first hand what core competencies are in play at an event hosted by an organisation that pioneered a large part of the design thinking movement. And of course I hope to meet and learn from incredible fellow participants.
Let's be real. Makeathons are the best. Also IDEO. I've spent the last few years here in NY teaching myself how to build things and make things go, and I really want to try doing that w/ the type of people who'd apply for this event. I think it's a good opportunity to stretch my design muscles in a way I haven't been able to before. 
"I am an industrial designer, a design thinker, a maker, an experience designer, an interdisciplinarist and a curious human being. I want to employ my skills in (speculative) design and technology, interaction and VR, ideation and further execution to challenge human problems now and in the future. How will we move, how we could work? What will we eat? Will we meet in a virtual world office? Do we need a constitution for AI? AI rights? Who will write these rights, humans or computers?

I am eager to work with other creatives & critical thinkers excited as myself about emerging technologies to collectively develop new ideas and strategies. And of course, I want to be a fellow at IDEO. Get an insight on how to use design thinking strategies to create innovation, service & product design; meet the people who have the skills to glue all of this together at a place that happens to be my favorite design company,"
"Let's be real. Makeathons are awesome. Also IDEO. I've spent the last few years teaching myself how to build things and make things go, and I'd love to do that w/ other people who are as excited about creation as I am. 

FYI, Apologies if this is the second time you're seeing this. I already submitted it once, but didn't get a reply email, so I'm submitting again, just in case I messed up on my email address or something."
I am interested in the Internet of Things and in the midst of publishing a paper on the Connected Vehicle. I am looking to either do consulting work in technology or join the technology sector directly. 
Augmented and Virtual reality are the future of entertainment, the way we tell stories,  and the way we interact with our devices. I've wanted to work along side UX designers and programmers for a while now, and to get to work in these fields would be unforgettable.
Participating in the CoLab makeathon would enable me to make the most of my interdisciplinary interests and skills. Whether making a specific object or designing an abstract solution, as a result of having always sought to try new things, I have made solving design problems my strength. I feel confident that I will succeed at any design challenge, whether 2D, 3D, or virtual, and thrive while doing it. Additionally, in any company, there is a need for design that considers human factors in addition to basic design principles and techniques, and this is the very thing I offer.
"I'm on a leave from my job as a Service Designer in Stockholm and would like to engage more in the design community here in Cambridge. The fellowship would be the perfect way for me to extend my stay in the U.S and for me to learn more about other ways of applying design thinking than I'm doing in my current position. Though, I've understood that you unfortunately won't sponsor participants to the fellowship, which have been my biggest problem while trying to get fellowships elsewhere during my months here.

I'm currently enrolled in an online Master's program from Sweden and audit courses at Harvard but would love to be able to have access to the design community, and even if you wouldn't accept me as a fellow during the summer, I'd love to attend the workshop in March."
"Law school tried to ruin my brain, but I'm fighting back. Law school teaches you how to think like a lawyer. Surprisingly, many lawyers are actually very creative people. It takes legitimate imagination to come up with the crazy arguments lawyers make in court. However, law school also teaches you to be risk averse and the legal field HATES change. The industry is ripe for disruption and I want to figure out how to do it. 

While concentrating in Legal Technology & Innovation, I've learned the basics of coding in python, the impact AI can (will) have on the legal field, and various process improvement and project management techniques. The CoLab makeathon, and subsequent fellowship, is the perfect place for me to apply all of the skills I've learned over the past couple of years.

Plus it seems like a really fun way to spend a Saturday!"
Working with teams to solve problems is my happy place. To see an idea come to life is an extremely rewarding process, and being involved with the Colab Makeathon where these projects are appreciated and invested into would be a great experience to be a part of.
I strongly believe that diverse, inter-disciplinary teams achieve the most impact. I'm extremely excited to meet new people and collaborate with others outside of my field. I love the energy present in hackathons and am interested in contributing in the CoLab to engage with other creative thinkers.
"Last month, I traveled to Boston and collaborated with students from MIT and Harvard on a personal project - a social media start up. Working with such different students in such a different environment was a challenge. There were times where my creative thought process was called to question, and times when I urged my peers to also question their prior assumptions and judgement. This collaboration birthed a dialectical relationship between creative and technical minds that before, I never thought could be useful. Instead, we relished in each other's company and unique approaches to problems, and started down a path of creating something incredible.

My trip to Boston inspired me to apply to this program, to meet more brilliant minds, and to be curious about a world and way of thinking beyond just my own. Ultimately, I hope to finish this makeathon exhausted but empowered, with a more nuanced perspective on design, technology, and business—an intersection that only the CoLab offers.

"
"Working at the forefront of innovation to provide users with the best possible products and services has always been my passion. I embrace the Design Thinking process which I was trained in CIID and then use at work. 
IDEO is the leader of  exploring emerging technology and discovering opportunities. We have seen many great products and services originated from IDEO. I believe that IDEO will continue to serve an indispensable role of making impact to the world. CoLab makeathon is a start point for me to participate and learn from the best."
I have a deep curiosity in these emerging technologies, supported by some foundational experience designing & building for AR/VR. I’m currently a recipient of a Hewlitt Packard + Yale University grant exploring the medium of blended reality as a tool for designers and artists. I’d like to participate in the makeathon to bridge this current work with a dive into the Human Centered Design process, investigating other uses for this technology. But I’m most excited to spend time making cool stuff with a team of other makers from diverse backgrounds.
Two years ago I participated in the CoLab makeathon and it sparked a major development in how I think of myself as a designer. It was the first hackathon I ever attended and at the time I had no coding skills to bring to the table. It was a very powerful experience for me to be in an environment where my skills as a designer were not always going to be needed. It forced me to think of myself more as a problem solver who's way of thinking is a skill in and of itself. Over the course of the weekend I helped to lead my team in the development of a peer to peer micro-loaning app and in the end we were voted third. It was a great experience and I would love to go back again, now as a senior with much more experience under my belt.
I am interested in human centered design and the CoLab makeathon would be an exciting way to apply my skills to something new and meaningful.
I'm interested in joining the Ideo CoLab makeathon because it presents an unrivaled opportunity to work with thinkers and doers in a focussed environment. As a Stanford undergraduate, I have been able to take advantage of similar interdisciplinary collaborations with my amazing peers. However, everyday distractions often inhibit these ideas from fully materializing. The singular focus of this makeathon will allow me, with amazing likeminded thinkers, to follow through on the ideas which have previously lacked the space needed to blossom. 
I want to take part in designing new solutions for society. I see myself as a leader who seeks to wake up each morning with the purpose of generating ideas, engaging communities, and creating processes for inspiring the innovations that will change the world. I want to partake in new adventures and challenges regularly, never becoming stagnant and complacent. For the past several years, I have dedicated my life to learning about design thinking, innovation, and entrepreneurship and its use in solving the toughest problems of our society. I would like to add my voice to how exponential technologies like VR/AR, AI, IOTs, and blockchains should revolutionize our society. I am also very passionate about connecting people from diverse backgrounds together for collaboration.
I want to work at IDEO
"As an aspiring product manager, I'm highly interested in Design Thinking methodology which helps me to solve complex problems, and find desirable solutions for end users. Joining CoLab makeathon will absolutely strengthen my ability to understand the logic, imagination, and intuition behind Design Thinking method.  
Moreover, I’d also like to know the process for IDEO to discover unmet needs within the context and constraints of a particular situation, and how does IDEO frame the scope of innovation, generating ideas, testing, and refining solutions. 
On top of that, I want to know how would Design Thinking method empower the development process of emerging technologies especially for AR and VR."
As a designer, I'm immersed in a field that is rapidly evolving. I get excited about not just learning new modes of making once they exist, but examining the implications of these new technologies. I'm also passionate about using design as a tool to achieve positive change.
I have always been fascinated by the idea of design thinking and the wonders it can do. I would love to get an opportunity to be part of and contribute to the CoLab makethon with all the skill-sets I have gained during my 5 years of work experience in Operations and Technology.
"IDEO is the design company of the future.

During the event I hope to design an innovative solution to increase the efficiency of a system in my community, uncover hardware - software connections in emerging technologies, and create unforeseen potential and serendipitous connections at the Makeathon."
I have only ever watched IDEO's design process in my engineering classes as an inspiration for design; the 60-minute IDEO shopping cart reinvention has been the quintessential demonstration of design.  I have loved practicing mini versions of this iterative process to generate ideas for projects and ideas. The CoLab makeathon would be an amazing opportunity to fully experience this design  process with the company that piloted it. 
"When it came to technology I took to it like a duck takes to water.

However I very curious and I try to learn things from a wide variety of domains. History and Economics being two of my biggest interests.

I like meeting new people. People of all kinds. I believe doing new things, meeting new people helps me stretch my mind and gain perspective.
"
We know the reach of technology and I want to push the limits of our day to day life by including design in technology and make this Earth( at least) a better place. We all face daily problems which indirectly affects us in a great way and some of us ( definitely you) know that we can change that forever through design and technology.
Two words: Passionate Community. I'd love to surround myself with talented and passionate individuals to stimulate my growth. Furthermore, the additions of these talents scale non-linearly -- that is, by interacting with the rest of the Makeathon hackers, I believe we can produce something far greater than the sum of its parts.
I have split my career between working for Governments and working with the private sector in order to foster economic development. Engaging with these two different worlds allows me to analyze problems from different perspectives.  Participating in the CoLab represents to me a unique opportunity to expand my own visions through the collaboration with other creative minds who are passionate about the development of solutions that will improve the way we engage with each other through business and through the provision of public services.
I am interested in collaboration with people from other fields to see what can design generates. I am also fascinated by the fact that knowledge in other areas can give new ideas in the design field. 
I believe the makeathon would be a wonderful chance for me to engage in the design thinking process while put my skills and knowledge into "making" (practical use). I'm also excited about the opportunity to work in diverse teams and explore the power of technology.
I believe the makeathon would be a wonderful chance for me to engage in the design thinking process while put my skills and knowledge into "making" (practical use). I'm also excited about the opportunity to work in diverse teams and explore the power of technology.
I just LOVE the idea.
The CoLab makeathon is an incredible opportunity to work with people both within and outside your field to come together and rapidly prototype, iterate, and design solutions that will change the future. Coming out of the makeathon, I will have learned an extraordinary amount of skills and develop a unique perspective shaped by the business, engineer, and design minded folks around me-- a life long skill and perspective that will continue to grow throughout my career. 
My desire falls within my goals to work with and create among the best. The opportunity to Make with other top level creators would be an atmosphere I thrive in. My abilities are hands on, building through interaction, and with this opportunity, I could lend my skills to the development of something amazing.
I'm an inquisitive,  free thinker. I love being surrounded by capable and creative people. An environment where idea generation is unrestricted is my idea of fun. Contributing to bringing a concept to earth or finding ways to make an interesting idea feasible and viable is my ideal job description. To wit, the entrepreneurship team I started is called "Building cool stuff" because, in the end, that's what we're about.
"Many of the projects I’ve seen that utilize these emerging technologies have a limited, and in my view not particularly worthwhile, focus: how VR will revolutionize the pornography industry, say, or how the Internet of Things will help you create a grocery list in less time. I appreciate the broader lens of this makeathon. By focusing on how these technologies will affect societal systems, I think that the outputs of the workshop will be more thoughtful, interesting, and impactful. 

Secondly, I have little experience with these technologies (aside from reading about them), and I’d like to remedy that. I love acquiring new skills and, while it can be daunting, I find that dropping myself into a group of experts is the fastest way to learn. 

And, finally, I would love to experience IDEO from the inside. I’ve admired the firm and your work since I was in college, and my enthusiasm for innovation consulting is the main reason I decided to pursue a master’s degree in design."
I love making things and understanding how humans fit into design. I'm interested in how to make design work for humans and not the other way around.
I believe in making the familiar surprising, and the surprising familiar. As a designer and leader, I am most inspired by people who recognize the value of  reconfiguring what is already in front of us - with diverse perspectives at work in tandem, many times we already have the answer! To that end, I believe in elevating a multitude of voices. I believe in getting dirty and making mistakes. I believe in relentless optimism and boundless enthusiasm. I believe in curiosity and taking a moment to see what is around us in the world... That candy wrapper on the street? A pattern! That  glue stick container? An arduino controller!
"I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I am highly excited by the opportunity to use design and emerging technologies to better serve humans. Nothing excites me more than building solutions to challenging questions with talented and diverse makers. Last summer, I was able to work on a project that made mobile vision and machine learning accessible through everyday tangible objects, and at the makeathon, I would love to continue to explore how we can continue to use artificial intelligence and IoT to innovate in our societal systems.

The CoLab offers my ideal career environment—it gracefully merges academics, corporate experts, and top designers to iterate at an incredibly fast pace. I’m continually inspired by the CoLab’s efforts to make cutting edge technologies accessible and to uncover hidden opportunities for these technologies. "
The CoLab makeathon is a rich mixing of people from various backgrounds and skillsets. I would love to be a part of such a collaborative environment because it is in this context that truly innovative solutions can be made. I find Ideo's platform for integrating design, research and technology to be very inspiring and hope to be seriously considered for a position with the research team this summer.
"Because I love consumer products that give people new abilities.  The areas that you're focusing on are clearly at the forefront.  I stuck around school in the engineering program to sharpen skills in smart product design - and it's taught me that there is so much more to learn. 

Also, if I'm being perfectly honest, I'm looking for something fun this summer (the last one I've got before graduating), and this seems like a fascinating way to get deeper."
"Having been raised by a plastic artist and an economist helped me developed my creativity while being aware of the hard data. Mixing this with my passion for finding solutions to challenges, is not hard to understand that the CoLab makeathon would be an incredible experience for me. 
Besides my desires to have and internship at IDEO, this experience will help me to grow while doing what I love. "
First, I have some experience by working with a Googler about the AI project that I mentioned earlier, and I’m eager to learning more and excited about exploring emerging technologies how can they adapt it to people’s daily lives in a meaningful way. Secondly, It is a great opportunity to work with other talents in the field and get inspirations from. Third, IDEO is a well-known design agency and I will get strong support network with fellows from different fields. Fourth, I’m interested in participating in the summer fellowship. 
I would like to explore how emerging technology can make positive changes in our everyday life and society. I believe that the CoLab makeathon is a great testbed for my vision and skills. I am also excited about collaborating with other participants who have different backgrounds but share similar dreams. 
"To be apart of IDEO and it’s beautiful community would be a dream come true, I have dedicated my life towards learning and overcoming human obstacles for the good of humanity. Having spent and built friendships with a few IDEO folks, it just feels like the right family for me.  

Having the opportunity to stand among talented, creative, and curious problem solvers sounds AMAZING! Who wouldn't? 

I’ve solved problems within assistive tech, green tech, med tech, fintech, and consumer. I'd would love to bring what I know about start ups, hardware, and product design to teach and learn from others to make cool solutions involving AI, AR, VR, blockchain, and IoT tech. Having started my own ventures and worked with some amazing customers such as PayPal, AMEX, IO, and many more I’m exploding with excitement! In the best IDEO Fashion “Don’t get ready, get started”. "
I would like to explore how emerging technology can make positive changes in our everyday life and society. I believe that the CoLab makeathon is a great testbed for my vision and skills. I am also excited about collaborating with other participants who have different backgrounds but share similar dreams. 
At IDEO CoLab, I hope to build on my past projects and lines of inquiry to provoke discussion, foster collaboration and speculate on future applications of emerging technology with my fellow participants. In a recent talk by Haakon Faste, he talks about human centered design as a toolkit for responding to immediate human needs but also for shaping the future. Many of my past projects either function as design solutions, or as imaginative provocations. IDEO CoLab’s approach seems to fuse these two modes of working: drawing on human centered design processes in service of R&D to imagine and then to create. This is an approach I hope to learn from, and adopt in the way I work with technology. Most of all, I hope to meet and collaborate with other minds who challenge, complicate and further my understanding of these ideas.
The desire to put ideas into workable business models and entrepreneurial thinking is what has brought me to Babson and now to the doors of the Ideo Colab where I can learn and use my ability and create a positive impact. I want to be a part of this makeathon because I want to be a part of the Ideo Colab fellowship. Learning from the best and collaborating with such a diverse set of people is truly exciting.  As a kid, I have been innovating. Observing human behavior, identifying problem areas and then creating solutions has been my passion. I have made many designs and prototypes like a silent alarm clock (wrist band), waterproof headphones, concept of silent toilets, etc. At undergrad made a shoe that could charge a phone while walking. Currently working on two business ideas, one of which is in the women’s shoe industry and the other is in the AR realm. Solving real world problems and creating innovations is what I do. 
…I love making things. When I was thirteen, I built a bird feeder in my family’s home in Islamabad, Pakistan from scrap wood I found in our street. I quickly learned the flaws in my design when termites damaged the base of the feeder.  At Bain, I continued to build but this time the end products looked a little different – organizational design for Fortune 500 companies, strategies to launch new products, and new products (as in the case of the Next Gen Menu described above). These days, I spend my free time in the Harvard Innovation Lab thinking through the strategy and design of my first entrepreneurial venture, a portable bidet technology for users in countries where bidets are an essential part of personal hygiene. I am excited about participating in the 2017 IDEO makeathon for the opportunity to design, create, and explore with like-minded, multi-disciplinary peers in a high energy, diverse environment. 
I want to expose myself more in the interdisciplinary design and technology work environment. I believe the collaborative working environment could achieve creative solutions for both designers and engineers.  
I love making things! I know I would enjoy any makeathon that gives me the opportunity and resources to just have at it with a goal in mind and a team to work with. But even more specifically, I love making things that have the potential to make an impact. Words like research and design are so exciting to me, filled with opportunity to get out there and make a difference. In my mind, it’s a realistic way to apply the idealistic concepts I come up with. Aside from a day of pure innovation, I would love the opportunity to further contribute to the CoLab’s work through the summer fellowship, as I’ve been excited about IDEO and their mission/culture since I came across it a few weeks ago.
I want to work with and learn from amazing designers while taking a stab at solving big problems with emerging technologies.
As a designer, I love collaborating with talented people in an invigorating environment to tackle the most complex, intricate problems in existence. Crafting meaningful, impactful solutions relies on empathy - a creative curiosity to see the world from the perspective of the person you’re designing for, and not giving up until you’ve fully understood their needs. I would love to contribute what I have learned through my experience in the niches of designing for disability and educational technology, as well absorb as much as possible from the diverse set of folks that I'll be working with.
"The vision of IDEO resonates with the pursuit I take on design. Through design I want create innovative, sustainable and well rounded tools and spaces where people can: interact safely and efficiently, be inspired and feel connected to their surroundings while they interact physically inside an artwork. CoLab makeathon provides me with  diversty of ideas and people in which together can improve the lives of people.
"
When the startup I work for first launched, we made the news with our algorithms that forecast the likelihood of bill passage with over 94% accuracy - but convincing our users to trust the artificial intelligence powering the scores was another story. I learned while executives are making more data-driven decisions, they are more apt to trust raw data coupled with insights from human analysts, and often hesitant to trust AI. The question of, how might we design for additional trust when users interact with the results of machine learning algorithms, has always fascinated me. As I gain more experience designing with data science teams as we work on conversational UI projects, I've found it difficult to find a community of others who face the same challenges. I'd like to participate in the CoLab makeathon to meet others who are interested in the intersection of design and emerging technologies, and to not only learn from them but also share some best practices I've learned as well.
I want to be pushed outside of my comfort zone and have my way of thinking challenged by other individuals.  I look forward to meeting a new group of people and getting to work with them.  From what I've read of this makeathon this seems to be a life changing experience and I would want to be apart of it. 
I want to be more effective at communicating and collaborating with people from different backgrounds. By learning more about IDEO's approach to innovation and design, and then applying the IDEO Design Thinking process in a diverse group setting, I am confident that I will be able to achieve this goal, while becoming a better innovator in the process.
"A friend and past cohort fellow (Rishi Bhagnatar) highly recommended that I look into IDEO and specifically into the CoLab's opportunities. We both share an interest in developing and shaping the future of learning for the better. 

My Master's program (MDM) focused heavily on Design Thinking principles, as well as agile methodology, interaction design and approaching challenges with the user (and learner) in mind.

I'm excited about the opportunity to connect with others in the interactive learning/ new media space. I expect to work through relevant and timely challenges with other passionate, hardworking and communicative folks from diverse backgrounds and talent sets. 

I've seen firsthand the power of a strong, diverse team to craft amazing, incredible solutions that one person could never have designed and developed on his or her own! "
"I am driven by the conviction that good stories are powerful tools for solving social problems. This belief, and my interest in the power of immersive tech-driven storytelling in particular, have led me to devote my time at NYU to gaining a broader grip on various aspects - both practical and conceptual - that pertain to the exploration of new forms of storytelling via emerging technology. 
The goal of IDEO CoLab makeathon is to solve human problems by emerging technologies, which is what I am seeking for as well. Given IDEO CoLab's expertise in the field of engaging technology and design, I would be thrilled for an opportunity to join the makeathon. I sincerely hope you will deem my academic background and work experience appropriate for the opportunity.
"
"Quite simply, I love to make products. Prior to coming to business school, I worked as a software engineer at Facebook. Unlike most of my colleagues, however, I didn’t grow up building websites. I learned to code while working as an analyst on Facebook’s intellectual property operations team. As the lead iOS engineer on Instagram Direct, Instagram’s in-app messaging product, I found myself naturally gravitating towards the opportunities that reached outside of my direct engineering responsibilities. I sought out opportunities to collaborate with designers, I sat in on user research interviews, and I engaged with the product managers over our specifications. The IDEO makeathon is particularly exciting to me because of the opportunity to explore the process of making, and participate in each step.
"
I largely want to participate in this makeathon so that I can learn more about IDEO and the culture that it embodies. Over the past two years or so I’ve had a keen interest in IDEO and what they do but never had the chance to experience it first hand. Moreover, I’d simply love the chance to be able to engage with so many like-minded, brilliant people and learn as much as I can from them.
"The most pleasure among my activities is “Design thinking! Solving problem!”
I like to see the challenges of the design perspective and think creatively & logically. As I am currently a MIND LAB researcher at Syracuse University, I recognized the importance of virtual reality in language education. Thus, I decided to improve the virtual reality research and making prototype step by step. First, I intended to prove the virtual reality technology can be effectively applied to enhance language learning and improve memory capacity in my thesis. However, I am still seeking what elements on the design perspective are making the VR language education program efficiently. If selected to Makeathon, I want to share my ideas and the current prototype. This is my first step to becoming closer to reaching my goal and learn how to build up the prototype with the design and tech. skills."
I would love the opportunity to meet other designers and test my design thinking and rapid prototyping skills. I have participated in other IDEO workshops at RISD and found them extremely inspiring and beneficial to my personal growth and design practice.  I never turn down a chance to further my learning, especially one that could result in a dream fellowship! 
"The most pleasure among my activities is “Design thinking! Solving problem!”
I like to see the challenges of the design perspective and think creatively & logically. As I am currently a MIND LAB researcher at Syracuse University, I recognized the importance of virtual reality in language education. Thus, I decided to improve the virtual reality research and making prototype step by step. First, I intended to prove the virtual reality technology can be effectively applied to enhance language learning and improve memory capacity in my thesis. However, I am still seeking what elements on the design perspective are making the VR language education program efficiently. If selected to Makeathon, I want to share my ideas and the current prototype. This is my first step to becoming closer to reaching my goal and learn how to build up the prototype with the design and tech. skills."
I come from a design and construction management background so an experience such as the CoLab makeathon will be the next step in pursuing a career where I can solve design, brand, and marketing problems through innovative design-thinking solutions. I like to be tasked with solving problems, especially if I’m able to leverage my design-thinking and management skills. That same professional background, as well as my cultural background, can add to the overall diversity that makes up the CoLab experience. I like to imagine participating in the makeathon and collaborating with people from all over the world with all different types of backgrounds and experiences. I am certain that I will be inspired by everyone in one way or another. Hopefully, the CoLab makeathon can lead to an internship in IDEO, an experience that I’ve always wanted to have, ever since I learned about IDEO and their visionary design solutions.
I want to make amazing things that change the world and I think that thats what CoLab is going to do.
I am driven by collaboration, and am excited to dive deep with my peers over the course of the day. For me, it is always about the people. Though I come with a specific skill set and very strong ideas, I know that the best solutions are the ones that come from the “yes, and…” process of creative collaboration. If our designs are to help as many people as possible, then they will have to come from a diverse team working collaboratively.
I think designers should be doing more R&D type work, helping us better understand implications of technology on humans and society, and steer the direction of technological development
"I am interested in how environments shape behaviors and mindsets. If a mere exposure to blue spectrum light of screens if increasing insomnia, you can imagine how different aspects of our design elements are causing behaviors and thoughts without us even being aware of it. To design in a manner that is aware of such effects though  there is a need for an interdisciplinary approach that connects technology, scientific thinking and design together. 
I think CoLab makeathon is the perfect place to team up with other people interested in the same topic but with different skill sets, and create an interdisciplinary approach to these questions."
The colab makeathon would be an excellent opportunity for me to explore interdisciplinary design prompts and work collaboratively with other passionate individuals. I have a huge passion for decentralized systems and see numerous opportunities for implementation of block chain and VR experiences within these hypothetical platforms.  I would love to learn more about how designers curate experiences alongside engineers and other specialized disciplines, and think my interdisciplinary approach to design would make me a great fit. 
I have a hunger for hands-on design experience. Working with diversely talented peers, I aspire to bring novel ideas to life within CoLab’s creative atmosphere. I believe augmented reality has the potential to redefine the social world and how people interact. CoLab’s 2017 mission of “exploring how emerging technologies will impact key human systems and participating” aligns with my goals of applying human-centered design to these innovative technologies.
Solving social issues and improving the human experience is what drives my passion for design and curiosity for how things work. CoLab's vision of  advancing human systems alongside technology resonates with my goal to empower the masses through engineering innovation and creative application of existing resources. The makeathon presents an incredible opportunity to progress my abilities to realize social change with a team of like-minded visionaries.
I come from a design and construction management background so an experience such as the CoLab makeathon will be the next step in pursuing a career where I can solve design, brand, and marketing problems through innovative design-thinking solutions. I like to be tasked with solving problems, especially if I’m able to leverage my design-thinking and management skills. That same professional background, as well as my cultural background, can add to the overall diversity that makes up the CoLab experience. I like to imagine participating in the makeathon and collaborating with people from all over the world with all different types of backgrounds and experiences. I am certain that I will be inspired by everyone in one way or another. Hopefully, the CoLab makeathon can lead to an internship in IDEO, an experience that I’ve always wanted to have, ever since I learned about IDEO and their visionary design solutions.
My long-term aspiration is to run for political office in India. I am convinced that a successful public servant should be able to work with the private and public sectors, as well as civil society, to maximize social benefits. My work-experience has taught me that, in countries like India, it is not that different actors do not want to solve problems. I believe it is the lack of a human-centric approach that is at the root of the problems we face today. Through my interaction with IDEO, I hope to learn tools that I believe can be translated to governance/ politics in India.
...I love IDEO’s culture of design thinking, and I am super passionate about the impact cutting edge software technologies can have on our world. 
I have a deep curiosity in these emerging technologies, supported by some foundational experience designing & building for AR/VR. I’m currently a recipient of a Hewlitt Packard + Yale University grant exploring the medium of blended reality as a tool for designers and artists. I’d like to participate in the makeathon to bridge this current work with a dive into the Human Centered Design process, investigating other uses for this technology. But I’m most excited to spend time making cool stuff with a diverse team of other makers.
Over the past few months, I have been working at Amazon and immersed in the world of technology. I was previously working in the healthcare industry, and my eyes have recently opened to how amazing technology is, and how much power it has to change our world today. Exploring opportunities to solve human problems using emerging technologies is the type of experience I crave. This makeathon combines my love of studying social science/understanding the problems our society faces, and allows the opportunity to apply my passion for research and design to these issues. There is nothing I want more than to work with like minded individuals and increase my skill set through this event!
Over the past few months, I have been working at Amazon and immersed in the world of technology. I was previously working in the healthcare industry, and my eyes have recently opened to how amazing technology is, and how much power it has to change our world today. Exploring opportunities to solve human problems using emerging technologies is the type of experience I crave. This makeathon combines my love of studying social science/understanding the problems our society faces, and allows the opportunity to apply my passion for research and design to these issues. There is nothing I want more than to work with like minded individuals and increase my skill set through this event!
it will be an amazing experience for me to reach my goal to become a design maker and thinker.
I have long debated the dystopian as well as utopian perspectives of the technologies to be explored at Makeathon. The curious designer in me wants to try and work on it to understand where the future is headed.
I am excited by the opportunity to work collaboratively with a team of designers from a diverse range of backgrounds. I believe that innovation in technology and experience-driven design can only come from thinking creatively and utilizing a ranging knowledge base. I see design thinking as a unique opportunity to blend the means in which different professionals perceive and experience the world. From my perspective, I am excited to pair my expertise in understanding human experience in space, with the perspectives of industrial designers, engineers, planners, business professionals, and software designers, to unleash unforeseen possibilities for design.
…above all, I would love the chance to learn from other makers. Participating in the makeathon would be the perfect opportunity to work with a team of brilliant individuals to build a product that is inspired by the most exciting technologies of our time and guided by principles of user-oriented, deliberate design. I'm incredibly excited about the human impact of design and would love to learn more about the people and philosophies behind IDEO's amazing technologies.
"I want to participate in the IDEO CoLab makeathon because I love the challenge of making things with inspiring people, and to partake in the IDEO design thinking process would be an invaluable learning experience.

I am from the Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota. The world feels smaller there, even though the landscape is quite expansive. Back home, it is unlikely a person like me would ever hear about the IDEO CoLab makeathon, or get exposed to inspiring thinkers, makers, and doers from such a diverse range of backgrounds--it is a real privilege. So when the director of my grad school program passed along the application to the IDEO CoLab makeathon with a message saying “You would be great for this!” it didn’t take long for me to decide to apply; a younger me couldn’t have even fathomed such an opportunity."
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I believe that through thoughtful and collaborative problem solving we can make society increasingly align with shared values. I believe that emerging technologies have the potential to serve our most fundamental human ambitions but that to do so they must be explored and developed by clear-eyed teams. I want to better understand how IDEO and CoLab think about collaboration and question-finding. We needed Modernism and Bauhaus to help us understand what it meant to be human after the industrial revolution; I believe we need designers now to help us understand the human implications of the information revolution. 
"My design career was enlightened by the book “Changed by Design”. It was the first time I realize that design thinking could initialize as an innovative impetus of our society to help people to express the unaware demand instead of to create the more comfortable chair.  So honestly, no matter what opportunities happen in IDEO, I will have a try.
And also, the main reason, as a student of ITP, I date with the emerging technology every day to try to create impressive interaction. During this process, I also challenge myself about the potential of these technologies in the real world. I am desirable to use these charming technologies to meet real problem and design for the real world. I know this is what Colab is doing."
I have deep respect for the innovation and thoughtfulness that IDEO CoLab applies to tackling business challenges with emerging technologies. I’m currently working on a startup idea for the HBS New Venture Competition that aims to create a digital health history identity record secured by blockchain that can be easily updated and accessed by all health providers. I met my cofounder through a hackathon and I love meeting like-minded people who are passionate about creating new experiences, products and services.
I met IDEO Design Lead Jason Wilkins when he was a visiting Judge and guest lecturer at the University of Oregon for QuackCon. His thoughtful feedback during group activities was inspiring and nuanced, and I want to learn how I can be a great thinker like him!
"Primarily because of the people. It would be incredible to be surrounded by such creative and talented thinkers from diverse backgrounds, all laser focused on rapid iteration and users’ needs. What I cannot possibly dream up on my own in domains I’m passionate about, like food and transportation, I have confidence that with a group of CoLab teammates, we can.

It would also be a dream come true to use IDEO’s human-centered design thinking in IDEO itself, and to learn from the very designers and strategists I aspire to be. With the concentrated environment of a makeathon at the world’s premier design company, I am excited to see my design thinking skills grow leaps and bounds in just one day."
The best educational experience I’ve ever had was at a hackathon. When the hackathon started and my tasks were laid out, I was able to see exactly which skills I needed, but didn’t have. Surrounded by talented and collaborative people, I went looking for those skills, not because somebody had told me to, but because I needed them. It was a 36 hour emotional rollercoaster of nonstop crash-courses and trial and error, but we completed our project in the end. I didn’t have all of the skills or know-how that I needed when we started, but I did when we were finished. The act in and of itself of trying to accomplish something was the most powerful way that I’ve ever learned new things. I cherish hackathons and makeathons as some of the few places where I truly feel ‘on’. IDEO is a company based on what it takes to make ideas happen; there is no other place I’d rather go next to learn new things and help build something remarkable.
"I would be absolutely thrilled and honored to work with a team of intelligent minds and to contribute to the project. Being put in an environment with like-minded as well as people who think differently is exciting with the flow of ideas and the concepts we can all think up.
"
I want to be involved in the CoLab makeathon simply because I like making things. There is nothing I enjoy more than spending hours behind a sewing machine, laser cutting the intricate pieces of a model, soldering together an improvised camera mechanism, or rendering the frames of an animation. I want to experiment and problem solve with other makers and crafters to address contemporary issues and create positive change.
I was fascinated by the emerging IoT ecosystem when I researched on next 20-year’s Fintech ecosystem for BCG. The research showed that Fintech in next 20 years not only impacts financial industry but also changes consumer products industries, law, and government, etc., as most of human decision-making may be replaced by automation. New challenges involve ethic and legislation issues that require thorough design and preparation. I’d know how I can further leverage my business expertise to facilitate technology progress in a user-friendly fashion.
"Change is best accomplished when great minds come together. One of my favorite parts of being an interdisciplinary and multimedia designer is being able to work with a variety of different people. We each bring something different to the table, whether it be skillset, background, passion, etc. I love working on multidisciplinary teams because it pushes me forward, to think not only harder, but bigger. More concerns are voiced and addressed; and though it may be difficult at first, in the end the reward is so much greater—in terms of the project’s quality but also of the team’s dynamic. Furthermore, it would be a great opportunity and environment to learn! One of my aspirations is to always be learning—whether it is through experts, peers, or simply being part of the process. I truly believe that change stops when learning stops.   




"
I have experienced many design areas including product, graphic, furniture and architecture. The Internet of Things is my next interest, so I started to learn computer programming tools. The CoLab makeathon will definitely be a great chance for me to meet other students in the same interest, and I hope my experiences will also inspire them in terms of creating and developing ideas.
It is an amazing opportunity to learn the design process that IDEO uses. I aspire to be a product designer one day and want to be able to create products that are both meaningful and aesthetically pleasing. I think the CoLab makeathon would be a unique chance to meet and be inspired by people who have similar passions and interests as me, but perhaps come from a very different background. I am really excited to learn as much as I can about product design and this makeathon is the perfect opportunity for that.
"Even though, I am a capable visual designer, I am well aware that I have barely scratched the surface. For the past six months I have dedicated my time towards learning how to be a proficient UX designer with a specific interest in AR / VR. In an attempt to further round out my abilities, I’ve been taking IDEO + Acumen’s Human Centered Design course—my goal is to learn better what it means to build valuable services with the human element and interaction at the core of it.

I have been actively learning and honing my skills through participating in hackathons and working on exciting projects in my spare time. Learning, in-depth, about HCD from the masters, as well as the ability to collaborate with like-minded individuals, around a field that I am passionate about, is what draws me to the CoLab makeathon. "
I'm excited to work on and learn more about technologies that will matter in the future, I'm excited to design and create cool and useful products, and I'm excited to challenge and apply my skills.
"By the end of the makeathon, I hope to fall in love with design all over again. 
Over the past few months, I have been working with a small team of four at SpringBoard (a design club at Harvard) to develop a platform for “giving profiles” using the human-centered design process. We aim to increase the frequency and impact of charitable donations by making it an observable action in the social sphere. I am most excited about this project because it has been an opportunity to use my love of design to promote good on a large-scale. Here are some interface design mockups I made for the project: https://goo.gl/Y4qytI
This project has introduced me to the nuances and wonders of the design process that I am excited to put it into practice. I hope the CoLab Makeathon will be an extension of my current design experiences, where I can hone my existing capabilities in design. I want to learn new ways of thinking and doing from my teammates that will inform who I am as a designer going forward.
"
"I’m obsessed with making things that use new technology to do good — and I see the CoLab makeathon as a chance to put that passion into practice.

As a designer and technologist with a background in architecture, I push technology to solve human challenges. I’ve helped design community-oriented UI+UX for neighborhood wireless networks, open and sustainable architecture for public buildings, and interfaces that use machine learning to predict social impact.

I know the CoLab makeathon will let me collaborate with amazing people. Within the MDE program at Harvard, I’ve had the opportunity to work with designers, engineers and entrepreneurs. I want to join the makeathon to expand my own perspective and see how others make change.

I see the makeathon as a chance to get hands-on with technology in an immersive environment, ask hard questions about human systems, and test ideas through rapid prototyping. I can’t imagine a better day than one spent thinking, designing and making."
it combines a bunch of things I really enjoy: brainstorming ideas and prototyping them, working with others, and VR! I feel like I've had a fair amount of experience creating VR environments and apps. However, this experience has let me realize that there is just so much more that I can learn. I feel the makeathon will give me a wonderful opportunity to meet and have a fun time working with others who have had more VR experience than me or with just other emerging technologies in general. 
Since I learned about IDEO I've wanted the opportunity to live the IDEO life, even if just for a day.  I want to meet fellow designers and creative minds and have the chance to jump into challenging and forward thinking design challenges with them.
It's an opportunity to quench your hunger and be foolish again with fellow innovators! An opportunity to learn from fellow innovators, share what I have learnt during my wonderful journey as an innovator at companies like PayPal & eBay, share problems that I have been trying to tackle and solutions I have been thinking about for them, most of all have a good time making something useful with a great bunch of people.
It will give me a chance to participate in and to learn more from others about how we can create amazing innovative products to help make the world a better place and to make our lives better.
I want to help people through making and designing. When I took a class called Engineering Sustainable Solutions in my Junior year, all of my interests clicked together in product design. The class was comprised of five students and two teachers, and we spent the semester learning about human-centered design and meeting amazing people from companies like IDEO. From then on, I realized that being an engineer and an artist didn’t have to be mutually exclusive (I did robotics and painted) and decided to pursue product design. Whether it be through a more intuitive user interface or an environmentally friendly printer, using design as a tool for positive impact through product design gets me really excited. The idea that something I’ve made or played a hand in making helped make someone’s day easier or better or even changed someone’s life— that’s incredibly gratifying. I’ve had the chance to experience it on a small scale with a number of projects I’ve worked on, namely Tommy Bot (a camp
"1) I am ecstatic about being able to create and work with people in different backgrounds. Since most of my colleagues are scientists, our training and our approach to solving problems are very similar. So, I am looking forward to learning how people from different disciplines approach the same problem.

2) I am excited to make design centric prototypes with a quick deadline. One of my projects, foodme, was started at a calhacks event. I had a great time trying to create a product over the weekend. The hard deadline challenged us intellectually and made us try different approaches to meet our deadline. 

3) I am looking forward to seeing how my skills as a synthetic biologist can translate into different fields. Since the technology and techniques that I am familiar with is vastly different from the technology that IDEO primarily works on, I am curious to see how my skill set I developed as a PhD student can transfer to other disciplines. 
"
"I love the ad-hoc hackathon environment. My first experience in that environment was last September when participating in the NBA’s Analytics Hackathon. Being in a room for ten hours, with people from the niche sub-community of sports stats geeks brought out some of the most innovative ideas I’ve seen in that field. 

By working with peers and leaders within that field, we were able to form a community that continues to push those innovative ideas. Over the past 5 months, I’ve worked with that community to explore the future of NBA Analytics.

To that end, I’d love to meet, ideate and be part of the community IDEO CoLab is creating. I believe creating a community with others that are interested in how we interact with technology is the first step to designing what our future looks like. I want to not only be part of that community, but foster it, and IDEO CoLab provides a platform to do just that. "
"“I refuse to simply watch the World change.” This idea drove me to quit my job in the oil and gas industry on December 13, 2015. Since then, I have dedicated my life to improving the World through empathy, engineering, and design. 
This starts with the pursuit of my Master’s in Design at Northwestern, where I have leveraged my technical background to solve complex problems through a human-centered design process. 
It is my job as a designer to innovate for impact. 
I believe in the human-centered design process.
I believe in building to test.
I believe in working on projects with a purpose.
I can’t do any of this alone. 
I want to surround myself with a diverse group of people with different backgrounds and different perspectives. The beauty of design is that it provides a platform for people to share experiences that lead to meaningful change. 
CoLab makeathon brings these elements together and lets me do the thing I love most: design for impact."
I'm a maker on a mission.
i want to be a part of Co lab fellowship
"
As designers we’re responsible for establishing the way consumers interact with new and cutting edge technologies. My focus on haptic, sensory experiences will bring valuable insights to a team as we reimagine how smart objects can change lives. Coming from Penn’s Integrated Product Design program, I have discovered the power of working in interdisciplinary teams and I know that my storytelling and visual communication skills paired with my brilliant teammates insights can result in products and services that will create lasting emotional connections with the user. "
"I believe my project “phonvert” could contribute to the whole CoLab community. phonvert is an open project aimed at speculating and developing alternative usages of retired smartphones.  

https://techcrunch.com/2016/03/14/phonvert-has-a-plan-to-convert-old-smartphones-into-iot-nodes/

(…I am currently based in Netherlands and I just realized CoLab doesn’t accept people outside USA. I hope you are still reading this. Even if the full summer fellowship is not possible, I still can join for March 4th only. I really wanted to join the CoLab community to develop my project further…)"
I am slightly embarrassed to admit that I have an addiction to makeathons. Ever since I was exposed to my first makeathon a few years ago, I have been hooked. At the time, I was a salesperson at P&G where “innovation” took on a different meaning. Often, I would pitch to my buyer that he/she should buy more volume because my brand underwent “innovation”. In the world of consumer products, innovation is often marketing-based such as switching packaging color from blue to red. While such innovation can impact consumer behavior, it was not quite the innovation that excited me. Therefore, when I had my first makeathon, it was as if I’d found Adult Legoland. The action of turning ideas into prototypes, then into real things thrills me and the exchange of ideas with people from different fields keeps me hooked. Makeathons are a source of motivation and fuel for my creativity. Now as a tech entrepreneur, the CoLab makeathon is particularly attractive to me with its emerging tech focus.
I am as passionate about 'making' things that solve problems, as I am about starting and managing businesses.
"I have seen how collaboration environments can give great results and I'm looking for involvement in new ecosystems that can expand my world point of view to gain more knowledge to develop great things for the world.  
I believe the CoLab makeathon is a ""mind-opening"" experience that combined with people from different backgrounds and expertise can unleash unexpected outcomes. "
I have always had an interest in AI and its applications to robotics. I want to participate so that I can learn more about this field beyond what I learn in my coursework. I also want to participate in a n opportunity to combine what I learn in my technical coursework with my creative abilities.
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I'd like the opportunity to work with a passionate, talented and diverse group of individuals to explore the technologies that will come to define our future. I believe that in order to tackle some of the world's most important challenges, we need to take a more holistic transdisciplinary approach to solving them, incorporating the ideas and worldviews of many different fields and disciplines.
As a designer of educational experiences for youth including schools, educational programs and models for online platforms, I've found design thinking to be a powerful tool for engagement and creative problem solving. I'm excited to collaborate in designing innovations that can have real world impact and expand my own understanding of IDEO methods. 
I would like to participate in the makeathon for three reasons. Firstly, I enjoy working with a diverse set of team members from all types of backgrounds when brainstorming solutions to a problem. I enjoy seeing the expertise from different fields working together because it’s a great opportunity to teach as well as learn from others. The second reason is that I am very much interested in topics this makeathon is exploring. As an engineering student, I am excited to unravel the potential that AI, VR, and IoT have on many disciplines and their ability to influence these fields to different extents. Lastly, I would like to participate because I enjoy the intrinsic aspect of a makeathon. The high energy, passion, focus, and outlook during a makeathon session is inspiring and rewarding to everyone at the session and potentially even greater, the world community.
Working with new people from different disciplines, brainstorming new applications for emerging technologies, plus actually making stuff (not just talking about it!) are three of my favorite things. The Makeathon would be a fabulous experience in and of itself, and I would hope to take away some new ideas to explore further, and get some insights into IDEO CoLab methodologies that I could immediately take away and apply to my own tech projects. Having worked at the intersection of the private, public and non-profit sectors in my career so far, I’m also convinced that collaboration across disciplines, sectors and organizations is essential, especially for developing game-changing applications for technology. The CoLab is a brilliant example of this, and I would love to get involved!
I want to put into practice my design thinking mentality amongst a group of equally motivated, yet with distinct backgrounds, group of peers and with the guidance of IDEO to generate creative paths for emerging technologies.  It is an opportunity to meet new people with similar overall drive to cause impact in a smart way: beginning with the problem/need. Also, being subject to questioning and hearing different perspectives is critical for self-development. Under the roof of a design thinking pioneer, I hope to learn more about this process and how to expand it towards any decision making process. The makeathon is the perfect opportunity to showcase my skills and tackle a potential high-impact challenge while having fun! Since I am seeking to enter a new career path, this is my opportunity to show how my diverse experience combined with my curiosity and observation skills can contribute to the team's superior performance.
"As a designer, the work I am most passionate about leverages design for social good. I think that design should make information and experiences more accessible, especially to marginalized groups. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I think that the emerging technologies that the CoLab is focusing have the power to do just that. I’m interested in designing prototypes to learn more about the potential of these technologies and explore how they can be used, with the help of a diverse group of problem solvers! 

From the video linked on the CoLab page about the 2015 makeathon, it also seemed like using the design process, rapid prototyping, and presentation skills to solve a specific problem were big focuses of the event. This made the makeathon stand out to me from other hackathons I’ve attended. I'm excited about this event because I believe that these processes help to create much more effective and interesting solutions with potential for real world impact."
I am extremely passionate about using a human-centered approach to solve technological problems. I am excited to spend a day with like-minded individuals from a diverse set of backgrounds and learn from the one of the best and most successful innovation consultancies in the world. I am truly a maker at heart and use most of my spare time at business school to tinker and build things with the materials around me and am constantly curious about the next generation of technology. This makeathon will allow me to both learn about these technologies and apply these learnings to create ideas that are real, useful, and beneficial for society. I am also excited about the potential for a fellowship position at IDEO this summer as a Business Designer to further build my expertise in this space.
I highly value the multi-disciplinary teams and opportunities that are created from IDEO's process. Bringing designers together from different disciplines is such a powerful tool and I look forward to meeting other young designers with different backgrounds. I also find the high pressure, high energy, fast-moving environment conducive to coming up with multiple and quick design iterations that have real potential. As a designer, these events and exercises are very valuable to hone our practice and fun. 
I look forward to collaborating on an idea with people from different backgrounds. I come from Nepal and I bring my unique experience of starting a social entrepreneurship venture which could only be possible through collaboration not just with the staff, but with schools, moms and community organizations. The CoLab makeathon is an amazing opportunity to brainstorm and listen to people's ideas. Being a street artist and being use to planning huge murals and events, I am curious to put my visual thinking skills to use. I am also currently using design thinking to scale up the Children's Art Museum of Nepal under the guidance of Prof. Fernando Reimers in my Education, Entreprenership and Innovation class at Harvard. Bringing all my experiences together, I think CoLab will be a fun day solving problems!
"Even though, I am a capable visual designer, I am well aware that I have barely scratched the surface. For the past six months I have dedicated my time towards learning how to be a proficient UX designer with a specific interest in AR / VR. In an attempt to further round out my abilities, I’ve been taking IDEO + Acumen’s Human Centered Design course—my goal is to learn better what it means to build valuable services with the human element and interaction at the core of it.

I have been actively learning and honing my skills through participating in hackathons and working on exciting projects in my spare time. Learning, in-depth, about HCD from the masters, as well as the ability to collaborate with like-minded individuals, around a field that I am passionate about, is what draws me to the CoLab makeathon.  "
both research and technology are such invaluable venues for exploration, development, and scaling of ideas or products. Whether the final creation may directly or indirectly impact healthcare, social justice, accessibility, education, etc., it is important to acknowledge extensive research and iterative design as the foundational infrastructure in which to launch successful and sustainable solutions. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon to delve deeper into the realm of fusing design, research, and technology to bring about new innovations or improvements to remaining systems. 
I love making things, not just for saving the world, but also for enriching people's lives. I think that participating in the CoLab makeathon will give me valuable knowledge and experience in the design process and catering to consumers, which will help me greatly in my passions and possibly my future career.
"I want to design products that matter to more than to just me and you. 
My greatest interests in design fall within the intersection of physical and digital products. With the rapidly emerging market of digital technologies, design plays the role of providing visual appeal along with creating opportunities for the product to create human connections outside of the digital aspect. Yet the strides being made for commercial technology seem focused towards a very specific demographic. Individuals with the financial capability and tech-savviness seem to be the ones most commonly enjoying this technological progress. 

 I want to create products that are ""multi-beneficial"". Products that in one environment may be a source of entertainment or efficiency,  but in another environment could be the key to social reform, improving or creating mediums communication, or providing access to uniform education. 

 "
My dream is to become a leader at the intersection of design and business who solves problems we face as humans. With my background in consulting and design, I’ve had extensive experience in the business world and have started to blend the two disciplines. However, the makeathon will allow me to gain experience with the specific technologies mentioned, and get my hands dirty while taking risks in a safe space with access to resources to help me grow and imagine beyond my current bounds of thinking.
I love finding questions, and what I love more is to look for solutions. The CoLab makeathon offers the great chance to work with talents from IDEO CoLab, learn about CoLab's design thinking, and explore more possibilities of how emerging technologies could change human life for real.  Also, I want to grab this precious chance to collaborate and talk with students from different backgrounds.
"I am very hands-on about building (technological) solutions that tackle existing problems and I am excited to see what kind of ideas we will come up with together in a group of passionate people from various backgrounds. 

The semester-long course in Design Thinking that I took last summer was a very empowering experience for me. Since then I have grown even more interested in Design and become accustomed to taking a user-centered approach towards problem. I am looking forward to further my learning with this makeathon and during a potential summer fellowship at the IDEO CoLab."
As a freshman studying in RISD, I am exposed to various areas of arts and design. And this winter, I attended the hackathon at Brown University. With these prior experience, I found myself highly interested in teamworking and making something interesting to address some social issues. Also, I love the atmosphere that tons of creative people gathering together and working on various projects. Therefore, I wish to learn and create something at the same time through this makeathon. 
"While I love that Harvard has a liberal arts foundation, consequently, there are not many opportunities in the classroom to learn and practice the skills necessary for innovation, product design and the act of making. I would absolutely love the opportunity to further develop my design skills. Although the makeathon is only one day, I believe the ways that I will be challenged and pushed will be invaluable. I am excited about the prospect of being exposed to new problems, ideas and solutions.

I also think that my perspective is unique because I'll provide business knowledge, venture capital insight, product design experience and non-profit knowledge. As a result, no matter what topic my team may be trying to design a solution for, I'll hopefully have some perspective on the relevant field. I’m very interested in the intersections of math, business and design and I’m excited for this makeathon to allow me to learn, grow, explore, discover, and create."
I want an immersive experience into the Design Thinking process. I am interested in combining my background in finance and engineering towards building solutions to the world's biggest problems. The Makethon will allow me to stretch my capabilities and creativity, work with amazing people and get a feel for the intensity of Design Thinking. It will also inspire me to find where my skills and experiences best converge toward creating great products.
I want to learn the skills to design the best possible products! The CoLab Makethon will give me the chance to prototype cutting edge solutions to real challenges companies face while working with the best designers in the world. Not to mention the prospect of becoming a CoLab fellow over the summer! Working at IDEO would be a dream come true as it would be the perfect opportunity to build on top of my engineering and business knowledge base.
I love design thinking and seek to apply it to all aspects of my life. I was thrilled to learn about this opportunity to collaborate with like-minded individuals who also live and breath design thinking. I want to take this opportunity to put my skills to the test in a timed environment and explore emerging technology available to solve problems. I am currently working with Stanford Legal Design Lab and the San Mateo County court system to help people receive better access to legal help. Our teams have identified complex problems ranging from architectural issues, server issues, service issues, workflow issues, and language issues. I believe there are opportunities to be taken advantage of in virtual reality and artificial intelligence. I hope to learn from this event and bring these technologies to governmental agencies and implement them to solve human problems.  
I'd love to spend a day meeting new people and making things none of us have thought of before!
"It sounds like a great opportunity to meet a crowd of people interested in similar areas to me, who all want to push things forward for a better, happier world. I always enjoy hackathons for this reason.
I'm also excited to work with people who know more about tech than I do. I'm a very person-focused designer, so I have a lot of ideas about improving peoples' lives, and am looking forward to working with others who can bring them to life.
Finally, several of my friends had a lot of fun at CoLab last year, and recommended it highly!"
What's better than getting a chance to make something while getting to know new people? Being able to be creative and have the opportunity to be exposed to other people with diverse backgrounds is a gift, and one that doesn't come often when you don't have dedicated blocks of time for that. I think that this is a fun opportunity to get to learn more about areas where I am not strong, and teach other people what I know about making in a different environment!
I am a highly collaborative person who enjoys the process and the radically new ideas and solutions that design-thinking can generate. I am eager for the opportunity to collaborate with individuals from diverse backgrounds who are T-shaped, with specialties in various skill-sets, and become involved in solving a human problem that can create a meaningful impact. As a student from MIT I believe strongly in the power of technology and innovation to positively transform the world and the lives of those around us.  I am eager to test new products with real people. :)
"IDEO is my dream company and I'm a qualified candidate. I want to join the summer fellowship to learn how designers and engineers of IDEO work together and use emerging technologies to change the world. 
Additionally, My birthday is just on March 4. I hope to spend that special day meaningfully in the CoLab makeathon."
it's the opportunity to work with and learn from a diverse group of incredibly smart, imaginative, and skilled dreamers; and to witness just how powerful a group of highly motivated and creative people can be when solving a problem that's still so fresh and new. I think it will be inspiring, empowering, and fun, which is so needed in these dark political times. I also just want to make something cool!
...I want to get out and make cool stuff that people use. Those were my exact words to a former teacher and CoLab fellow when I was discussing my desire for involvement in an innovative university club and my search for internships. She immediately recommended the program to me, and upon looking into it, I found it was practically tailor-made for what I want. Working with other talented people to solve hard problems with actual prototypes is exactly what I want to do, because it is a tangible way of making an impact and improving myself.
I really enjoy making stuff! Seems like a really cool cohort, and what better things do I have on a saturday than to have fun ideating with people and prototyping the tech of the future?
I am a strong proponent of design thinking, whether through my studies as a computer science and graphic design major or on campus as the president of YaleMakes and a board member of Yale STEAM. I am incredibly excited about the opportunity to bring this passion to life by participating in a makeathon and getting the opportunity to meet the group of participants, whose different approaches to design are bound to inspire me and expand my understanding of the industry. I am hoping to be a part of this process and am additionally very interested in the IDEO internship, as I cannot think of a place that would be a better fit for my artistic and technical talents.
I want to grow my experienced in human-centered design as my career goal is to be an expert in experience design.
I envision the makeathon to be an incredible learning opportunity to work with a talented, interdisciplinary team to create things that matter to others. Passionate about bioinspired design and visualization, I see the CoLab makeathon to be an experience that will add to my maker's toolbox and reinforce my desire to live a life of immersing myself in collaborative, interdisciplinary creativity. IDEO's mission to create positive impacts through design is noble and avant-garde--which is something I deeply want to be apart of.      
"Back in high school, when I wasn’t in class, I was always in the newsroom or computer lab sketching ideas on the white board or laying things out on InDesign. My senior spring—heck, that was all I did and I truly enjoyed myself. While other people were ditching school (#senioritis) to go the beach, I was going to Printefex to talk about paper weights.  But coming into freshman year of college, I gave that part of me up to focus on med-school related activities since I never thought that design was something other than a side project. 

Now, I am re-pursuing my interests in design and realizing that design can become a  career or at the very least, it makes me happy. It’s so mindblowing to me that that people can ideate and create for a living, and IDEO puts into action principles that have long been a part of my ethos. I want to attend this makeathon to spend a day learning more about and immersing myself in IDEO culture and to just do my thing.  "
"In the last year, I was involved with various workshops based in design thinking. One of which was through Berklee College of Music’s Open Music Initiative, and spent a day at IDEO Cambridge working with their team and summer program students in addressing how technology (especially blockchain) can be leveraged to improve data and payment related challenges in the music space. Another was through Cooper Union, where my team led their students and faculty through redesigning their approach to encouraging the cross-disciplines of the school to be more collaborative and community based.

I love both leading and contributing to these workshops, and would be ecstatic to participate in the CoLab Makeathon to:

- Continue honing my skills in design thinking and empathy building 

- Connect and collaborate with a like-minded community

- Solve real problems for real people"
"I want to learn by being at the edge of technology when everything is still at the conceptual level. Ideas excite me. 
I believe technology will continue to develop so fast anyway that it becomes even more important to have a group of bold explorers willing to experiment and discover what works and what doesn't so that other people can use for good instead of ill. One thing I appreciate about IDEO is its human-centered design philosophy and emphasis on the needs of particular users instead of blind dart-throwing innovation. Good design requires a lot of understanding of people behavior as well as culture, something many technologists tend to overlook.
On a side note, I could also contribute by writing about the experience as a participant. I think it is helpful to have documentation of the innovation process, something often seen as hazardous.
"
"I am currently participating in a field course at the Kennedy school where we are learning design principles (heavily relying on the IDEO Field Guide to Human Centered Design) and applying them to a real government client program. I'm thoroughly enjoying the work and the potential impact it can have to improve citizens' relationships with government. I see huge potential for this approach to problem solving, and want to practice it as much as possible.

In January I was able to visit the IDEO office in Palo Alto to learn about the pioneering work IDEO does for its clients, and the unique way in which it is done. I was impressed that many of the people on various teams did not come from design or technical backgrounds were encouraged to get into the workshop and become familiar with the tools and make their own quick prototypes. Seeing this experimentation and learning culture in action convinced me that IDEO would be the best place to get to practice and learn these design principles."
"Some of the best times of my life have been on science fair trips around the globe with team Canada. The team was held together by mutual respect, positivity, and the collective awareness that we had all worked extremely hard producing something that could have a real impact - excited we were sharing the opportunity to present to the world.

Makeathons/hackathons clearly have their differences, but I love being a part of them because the collective spirit of creativity, mutual respect, and drive is largely the same. The CoLab makeathon produces exactly the kind of environment I thrive in, and is something i'd like to contribute to."
"Rapid prototyping environments with bright people are my favorite way to solve complex problems. I do it all the time at NYU’s ITP program, and to learn firsthand about IDEO’s unique approach to design thinking would be amazing. 

I've always found the best projects are amalgams of clever ideas from a variety of sources and disciplines. What's more exciting than working on the forefront of socially minded design? I hope to add my unique perspective to the conversation at IDEO.  "
"I am deeply passionate about and excited by the technologies the CoLab is examining, and I would love to take part in a day that explores new ways these technologies can enrich our lives.   Designers play a vital role envisioning how emerging technologies can become meaningful experiences, and I would love to discover, imagine, and unpack both the opportunities and challenges these technologies hold. 

As well, I believe that interdisciplinary teams can uncover dynamic ideas when given the chance to put their heads together. I would be incredibly excited to collaborate with people from all different fields and see what synergies emerge. 

And finally, I would love to experience IDEO’s design process up close.  I had the chance to participate in the CoLab last year and it helped me grow as a designer, pushing me to explore new ways of making, researching, and brainstorming.  I would be immensely excited to return and continue growing my skillset. "
"A few months ago, I had to write a comedy skit with three of my friends for an a cappella concert. We began enthusiastically by deciding on a theme and outlining a few possible directions and structures for the skit. However, we soon realized how much skill was involved in writing a skit. Some jokes were passed around, but nothing stuck.

After hours of frustration, we found that the key to was to take advantage of the diversity of our styles of humor. Ethan mastered anti-humor, Billy tended towards hyperbole and I excelled at irony. All that was left was the application of general “design thinking” ideas: defining goals, prototyping structures, testing options and executing the project.

Many of my proudest moments have resulted from small, motivated teams that prove “the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.” I would love the opportunity to collaborate and design with talented people at the CoLab Makeathon who share an enthusiasm for teamwork."
I want to use technology to enhance the quality of our lives by solving problems that really matter. Accomplishing this goal will depend greatly on my ability to empathize with the people I aim to help and identify which problems I should work to solve, which is why I believe I need to embrace the design thinking process. My past experience in product design focused largely on taking a product concept from idea to prototype, but not quite enough on translating a problem into a solution. One of the biggest reasons I decided to enroll in the MBA program at the Stanford Graduate School of Business in fall 2017 is the opportunity to complement a technology-focused business education with extensive design thinking project work through the d.school. The CoLab makeathon is a unique opportunity for me to begin developing this human-centered approach to problem solving and accelerate the development I hope to achieve at Stanford and in my career.
As a user interface designer, I aspire to create visually appealing, user-friendly interfaces for apps and websites. My experience as a UI/UX design research assistant and a graphic designer ignited my interest in understanding how visual elements and functions aid users in perceiving an app as a valid, reliable resource that encourages user engagement. The CoLab makeathon seemed to be such an inspiring place to meet like-minded designers and creators who have professional working experience in various creative fields. I would like to participate this makeathon to get inspired to pursue designing solutions for new technology that shapes tomorrow. 
"Having interned at both startups and incubators, I had been watching the incredible power of startup world for a long time. I saw how ideas could be developed and incubated into successful business models, and it was fascinating. My IB art background and Business minor enabled me to study basic design principles and business strategies, while my PPL major further broadened the vision of my ideas by thinking it not only as a specific problem but elevating it into a larger humanitarian content.

At this point, I found myself having the ability to start my pursuit in the career path of design thinking. However, there is a famous saying in Silicon Valley claiming that ""Ideas are cheap"". I felt like it is not enough for me to only have those brilliant ideas, and I also need people with specialties other than mine. I really need a multi-functioned team to help me realize my ideas.

Undoubtedly, IDEO CoLab Makeathon is a perfect place for me to find a team."
.
I am interested in the CoLab makeathon because of its focus on the intersection of technology, business, and design. Prior to entering RISD, I had interned at multiple Venture Capital firms, a foundry group, and a tech accelerator to better learn about the pieces of a successful venture. Though I naturally assume the title "entrepreneur", I prefer to call myself a builder. I have a passion for building businesses that are living and breathing entities that are able to stand on their own two feet. This makeathon seems to serve as a platform to do just this for a day at a time.
"I am frustrated by systems that should be easy and accessible but are opaque and confusing. Why are certain people unable to access credit? Why is it so hard to vote? I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about these issues, but I’m thrilled about this opportunity to work on such problems with equally enthusiastic people from different backgrounds. Designing solutions in a vacuum without bringing a range of perspectives together will never result in the best outcomes. The most exciting thing for me is that IDEO prides itself on this approach to problem-solving and design. I’m excited to work with others to unpack down some of the biggest problems and create really interesting, impactful solutions at this makeathon. I think the makeathon will give me perspective. How can we actually leverage new technology to tackle these big questions in practice? What are we not thinking about as we attempt to create solutions? 
"
At Stanford, I discovered the importance of preto- and prototyping in order to determine what the problem is and whether our solution can actually solve it. Since then, I have been taking every chance to collaborate in teams to identify a potential human need and test whether it is, in fact, a strong need and whether our solution can address it. Recently, I was responsible for defining the strategy and creating a financial plan for a cloud computing startup as part of a course on entrepreneurship. I was also to present that plan as the CFO at the end of the course in front of a panel of 5 VCs. We built a landing page, and I incorporated the feedback from the page into the presentation, along with my outreach to prospective customers on LinkedIn and through connections. The final presentation received great feedback. This process never seemed like work to me because of the creativity that we were putting into identifying customer needs, and I see myself doing this as a career at IDEO.
I'm extremely interested in how new technologies such as AR, AI, and IoT can be applied to "traditional" industries such as healthcare, manufacturing, and education, where they will be able to change the structure of the field completely. This will make the same structures that have existed for decades be more efficient, but I'm also interested in how it will impact people socially and psychologically, and how it will impact society as a whole. Participating in the CoLab makeathon would help me realize how to look at the problem from different angles and starting from a very human-centered design.
I am passionate about IDEO's design thinking methodology as well as the technology aspect (AR/VR and IoT) of this makeathon (CS Major). (Also, It is a dream of mine to intern at IDEO at some point before leaving the U.S. so I really hope that this will be a baby step towards that)
I think this is an incredible opportunity for me to get a glimpse of what life in an Ideo studio is like every day. I am obsessed with the Design Process and am always looking for ways to learn and experience more of it. I specifically would want to see how well I can work with an extremely diverse team on topics I am actually not that familiar with, which differs from what I do in my classes and extracurriculars. Aside from just learning, I love meeting people and making things, which seems to be exactly what makeathon is about!
"It is the perfect opportunity to understand how to operate in the urban design field to produce innovative ideas to test in specific dynamics. I found that this practice is completely aligned with my interests of combining the experience to generate ideas and tests them in “Labs”, with the “regular architectural practice” which is more involved with social contexts.

Giving my interest in technology and social issues and my understanding of low resources from developing countries, I am sure that I can bring contrasting approaches to the discussions.  Finally, I would like to complement my experiences and personal explorations on an institution that is specialized in technological approaches as a professional practice. I believe that participating in the CoLab Makeaton will boost my abilities to generate new ways of accessibility for social cohesion."
I am excited to create new provocations and prototypes that test the boundaries of today’s known technological applications.  As a designer, I am happiest when drawing from rigid design parameters and navigating strict time constraints to create unexpected products.  I am eager to collaborate with a team of individuals from diverse personal and education backgrounds to foster a dialogue that creates, tests, and refines new ideas in emerging technology.  I hope to use this unparalleled opportunity to learn from IDEO’s world-class designers, to gain skills working with a selected group of peers, to share my own design experiences, and to ultimately have fun making a new product - all in a single day.
I am a maker. Give me a problem and I will rapidly design and build, a prototype using anything from scrap materials to fancy laser cut acrylic and 3D printable ABS. I want to be a part of that innovation centered atmosphere and become a contributor to the solution to out of the box problems. I want to take part in the makeathon because I want to bring a new experience. Now, the experience I speak of is not a bulleted list of my resume, but instead a story to every cardboard box turned into a revolutionary VR set or might I reach back to the iconic story of expo marker, film capsule and clothes pin turned into medical device. Not only do I want to bring this yet to be told story, but I know that at this makeathon I will be surrounded by those who will want to listen and also those who will push me to transform this story to new heights. I want to get my hands on building out these new creative ideas, I know that the CoLab environment will be the best environment for me.
"1. I love building stuff and I want to build things which matter. 

2. IDEO is a place where mistakes are not frowned upon. This makeathon is a space where I can express myself without thinking about failure.

3. Being in a room with smart individuals from various backgrounds will be a great learning experience. "
I enjoy building new things in a fast paced environment. I hope to use this opportunity to meet other likeminded engineers and designers interested in solving human problems through emerging technologies. By working in a multidisciplinary team with talented people from different backgrounds, I hope to broaden my perspective and leverage my unique design skills to build prototypes that could have positive impact in the real world. 
"In my own field of education, and in many others, I think we are falling foul of:
1. Trying to fix old problems with similarly old solutions.
2. Trying to fix systems using approaches that are just as fallible as the system in question, precisely because they are borne out of that system.
3.  Offering people answers to questions they didn't even ask. "
I am genuinely excited for a unique opportunity to work on design challenges involving cutting-edge technologies that I'm deeply curious about to solve  issues that matter, not only to me but for society. I'm looking forward to meeting like-minded peers, to learning from their complementary skill sets, and to share my expertise in business design and innovation strategy. I'm also happy to get this chance to interact more closely and immerse myself within the IDEO experience. I see this CoLab as a fantastic chance to merge different thinking styles and to build something together - I love this idea of prototyping to learn! I envision this experience to be a fast-paced, diverse, rich whirlwind and can't wait to be an active part of it. 
"I’ve always wanted to be a superhero, but I was never really good at physical crime fighting. So, I traded in my cape for technology. 

My academic training, thus far, has placed me at the intersection of code, math, and design. I have grown comfortable with existing in the world of the recently possible. Now in graduate school, I am again ready to try my hand at changing the world, this time by applying my knowledge of the latest technology to global issues in need of social good. 

Co-Lab is a space for the recently possible to be designed, created, and applied. To attend the Co-Lab Make-athon is an opportunity to collaborate with like-minded technologists and designers, ready to create solutions. At this Make-athon, I most look forward to learning from my contemporaries and creating some good in the world, via technology and design, with them. In short, I’m excited to exist in a world of Lucius Foxes. "
I’m interested in participating because I am looking for ways to learn more about IDEO’s design thinking methodologies first-hand. I’ve taken a deep look at the resources online, with much admiration, especially with the book, Creative Confidence. A big reason for this has been teaching the class “ITP 499: From Ideas to Impact” — I am constantly looking for resources that help my students have an impact responsibly, emphasizing the human-centered design aspect. The students scope problems down to “How Might We…” challenge oriented questions, create prototypes like James Oliver and Grant Wedner explain in these videos https://challenges.openideo.com/blog/first-person-interview-james-oliver-sr-and-grant-wedner-on-prototyping and then ultimately effect an impact on campus. Any more experience with IDEO and design-thinking would not only help me pick up the skills, but teach it to my 20 students over the next few semesters.
Interning at IDEO.org three years ago was my first introduction to design thinking, and it changed the way I view the creative process. I saw the effect that great design can have on communities and ecosystems in my back yard or across the world. At this makeathon two years ago, I found myself with a group of people as passionate about making feasible solutions to real problems as I was. After studying design in Barcelona, interning at various innovation consulting companies, and co-founding the Design Thinking Club at Tufts, I would love to come into this makeathon and demonstrate the new skills I can bring to the table. The work the CoLab does aligns exactly with what I want to throw myself into: rapid innovation, solving problems that matter, learning from amazing diverse people in small teams, and creating immediate impact. I would bring energy, enthusiasm, and dance party breaks to the makeaton, and I would be honored to attend.
Ultimately, I am a maker; I want to work on a project and actually see it built. IDEO appeals to me because of how design thinking starts with a huge range of ideas, instead of jumping into a project whose that has already been defined. However, as much as I’ve read about design thinking, the makeathon would give me the opportunity to have experience in actually conceiving, designing and creating something. I have a variety of interests, from psychology to engineering, but my expertise resides in computer science and design. The makeathon would allow me to collaborate with others whose interests are as broad as mine, but whose knowledge is different. I believe the CoLab makeathon provides an opportunity for creative thinking and making that isn’t available elsewhere; it bridges the gap between an artificial project in class and a real-world project for a client, and I know participating would provide me with valuable skills that would make me a more effective as a designer and maker. 
I love teaming up with designers, businessmen, and engineers to create products that solve practical problems. At MIT, I constantly worked with friends across departments to create such products—ranging from a control system for an external pacemaker to an automated, hygienic bathroom stall door that you don’t have to touch. By participating in the CoLab makeathon, I hope to meet people from other disciplines who are equally passionate about design. Moreover, I hope to learn about the design processes—ideation, rapid prototyping, sketch modelling, assembly—that underlie IDEO’s success in design.
Surrounding myself with people with diverse ideas and brilliant minds excites, motivates and inspires me. Having the chance to work would be a humbling and invaluable experience to expand my idea of reality and possibilities. 
"I'm seeking any and all opportunity to continue the practice of design thinking towards the betterment of our daily lives. I'm particularly passionate about how IoT and AI/VR can impact change for accessibility and aging, and how it's important to ground such developments in basic humanity.

The CoLab Makeathon is the perfect intersection of expertise, opportunity, and ingenuity that reflects my desire to make change in this world. "
Participating with peers in the CoLab exposes me to new ways to approach problem solving, to practice working in a multidisciplinary team, and to provide feedback on the opportunity for an internship with IDEO. My thesis is on formalizing the process of sustainable technology conception, development, and deployment. I expect to demonstrate how human-centered focus can guide teams of technologists, business managers, and designers to develop products faster and more successfully than prevailing practices.
I am a fan of IDEO's ability to deliver design solutions across disciplines. The CoLab makeathon would also afford the opportunity to contribute to and learn from other thinkers.
I would like to learn how to build great products and great teams. It also would be a great chance to learn how to collaborate with people who have different backgrounds. In addition, I’m really interested in combining innovative ideas with the latest technology to improve people’s daily lives.
I enjoy solving problems at the intersection of technology, design and business, and working with a diverse team. I look forward to the prospect of collaboratively working with team members with different experiences, interests and skills. I believe I can contribute my skills, perspectives and ideas to the team and learn from other team members. Further, I am passionate about emerging technologies such as IoT and VR/AR and its applications in different industries.
At the last makeathon, I was overwhelmed by the passion, intellect, and drive that enabled every team to quickly prototype a novel tool or technology. It completely changed the way that I thought about the work that I do and the impact that I could have. I want nothing more than to get back in that space and try again -- this time ready to take more risks, build new things, and test out the skills that I've developed since then. 
"I am excited about human centered design, and would love to deepen my experience in this area through participating in the Makeathon. I am particularly interested in using design to offer better financial products. Navigating financial institutions is often a frustrating experience. I believe this should change, so thatpeople are empowered when they are managing their money. Well designed products, processes and user experiences can remove the fear of banks and empower customers to confidently manage their financial future.  
Additionally, I know that Ideo values having people from a variety of backgrounds contribute to solving the design challenge, and that this diversity of background will also be represented in the Makeathon. I would love to work with people with experiences different than my own. I want to contribute to creating a team culture that leverages all team member’s unique strengths, and think the Makeathon is an exciting opportunity to hone this skill.   
"
I would like to learn how to build great products and great teams. It also would be a great chance to learn how to collaborate with people who have different backgrounds. In addition, I’m really interested in combining innovative ideas with the latest technology to improve people’s daily lives.
I know what I'm made of. Seven years ago, I hopped on a plane to Egypt without any connections, any job, or any prospects and I left Egypt having worked directly under the Political Advisor to the Egyptian President and directly with the CEOs of some of the top regional organizations.  I used wit, creativity, and social engineering to bypass cultural, racial, religious, and linguistic barriers. In the process, I found my calling as a business builder and industrial collaborator. Through revolutions and coup d'etat, I led the creation of the largest on-line pharmacy in the Middle East and North Africa, the largest independent chicken processing plant, and the most successful free non-government school in the Cairene slums.  
for the past 3 years I have observed the detrimental contributions a lack of forward thinking leadership can bring to an organization that would otherwise be able to harness the youthful, determined, and innovative energy in its people which is instead shrouded by bureaucratic hierarchy and a paranoid risk aversion. The CoLab makeathon is a rare opportunity to break away from the monotonous check-in-the-box routine and share with others a chance to create humanity's next stepping stone.
Through the combined lens of a social entrepreneur and an economics major, I am interested in addressing market failures such that there is value creation for the constituents of the ecosystem. Interdisciplinary perspectives are central to understanding an ecosystem and identifying potential interventions. While I can bring a perspective into the socioeconomic aspect of a design problem, my expertise in technical and design aspects remain limited. I am interested in participating in the CoLab makeathon to learn from the expertise of designers, technologists, and other individuals through actively engaging in a hands-on learning environment. This is an attempt at broadening my own skillset and contributing to the perspectives of others so we can all come out as more effective interveners in our ecosystems.  
I believe the best work to help real people can be achieved in group settings with people who are passionate about getting things going as soon as possible. I have experience working in Hackathons, but these are most successful with people with similar coding abilities and thus becomes too narrowminded, or the plans remain on the resume and unactionable. Specific to CoLab, I believe the products are extremely user-friendly and manage to combine passion with simplicity. As someone who is trying to make a difference in the world, I am interested in participating in the CoLab makeathon to get a headstart with equally passionate team-members. 
I would love to get my hands dirty and learn how IDEO ideates and prototypes bold possibilities for the future. My passion is in leveraging tech to find solutions to improve the quality of life for those on the bottom of the pyramid.
"It is a unique opportunity to work alongside world-class designers, technologists, and organizational experts to explore emerging technologies and develop human centered products and services solving some of the complex problem around societal systems. 

During my conversation with Lisa Tacorante, Summer CoLab Fellow’2016 and fellow MIT Sloanie, she iterated her experience of using IDEO CoLab’s design thinking and prototype creation process to prototype Witness, a Crowdsourced News Images platform, that leverages the underlying blockchain technologies (smart contracts, micropayments, and verified metadata) to democratize the photojournalism, providing a trusted platform through which regular people and their media organizations can transact.

One of the things that differentiates CoLab Makeathon and further CoLab Fellow program is that it just doesn’t stop at ideation but it requires fellows to get their hand’s dirty in building a technically functional and business viable prototype.
"
"CoLab makeathon is an exceptional platform for design thinking and innovation where I am excited to work with an interdisciplinary team to design prototypes and explore emerging technologies.

Design thinking, the first class I had in the Entrepreneurship course at Babson, enlightened my view of design and reminded me of the challenge in my past professional experience. Prior to MBA, as a marketer, I worked with teams from different discipline on the system design for data centers. Without an adequate balance, we often strived for the best technical design; our solution ended up going over-killed in specification, or over-budget for clients. 

As an MBA candidate and an aspiring entrepreneur in the fashion industry, I recognize the need of design thinking and the trend of integrating emerging technologies in the future. I want to participate in the makeathon to absorb as much as I can, while contributing from my professional and educational background."
I want to participate in the CoLab Makeathon because I believe in implementing systems of engineering, design and business to come up with environmentally, financially and socially sound solutions to real world problems. I am passionate about implementing cross disciplinary ideas and research to produce products and services that help augment the lives of people. I love working with people from diverse backgrounds who possess eclectic skills and passions. At CoLab Makeathon, I hope to get immersed in Artificial Intelligence and AR/VR technology, two areas of emerging technologies that I am interested in. I am also excited to meet and bounce off ideas with CoLab corporate members who can direct our ideas and expertise into solving imminent problems that the industry is currently facing. 
I love to source inspiration from my everyday surroundings. Not only would I appreciate the opportunity to challenge myself  from an innovative standpoint, but I would also appreciate the opportunity to meet like-minded people with whom I may develop strong relationships.
Believing creativity often flows from constraints, I see the makeathon as an excellent opportunity to flex my creative muscles, meet new people, develop and test ideas, and hopefully, have fun! I’m attracted to the challenge of generating a real product in a short period of time and excited by the opportunity to brainstorm with people from different disciplines. Though I helped develop a graduate level course teaching students to apply human-centered design principles to problems in government, I also want more hands-on experience with IDEO’s methodology. Finally, I would love the opportunity to work at IDEO over the summer, but even if not selected, I am confident that the experience will be enriching by itself.
"I’m passionate about applying human-centered design practices to building solutions to solve global problems. I would love to have the opportunity to work with a diverse team while learning more about Ideo approach.

I am currently working on my idea of peer-to-peer professional education platform which, I believe, will help people getting new professions in the coming future with life length becoming longer, people getting richer and labor market demand changing with the faster pace. I would love to apply the knowledge I will gain in CoLab to the future development of my idea.

I am sure, my 5 years of experience in product development in technology will bring value to CoLab teams in exchange of learning from other people perspective under Ideo direction."
"I’m extremely excited about the potential impact of emerging technologies. I truly believe the confluence of progress in these emerging technologies will create a Cambrian explosion of technological progress that has the power to significantly improve humanity. However, I also believe we shouldn’t take this potential as a given; in fact, a lot of these emerging technologies can have second-order effects that may negatively affect human capital. 

This makeathon would be an amazing opportunity to dive into these fields head on and to make some progress in ensuring these emerging technologies are optimized for societal benefit. It’ll also be a great way to implement IDEO’s groundbreaking work on human-centered design in a real development setting as opposed to reading about it. I would also love to get to know the other extremely talented participants passionate about changing the world. "
I'm interested in working in a cross disciplinary environment. Architecture is a field with rigorous processes only made better by the cross pollination of ideas from other disciplines. When this happens I feel that a project has the possibility to contain a sort of X factor that excites the happy existentialist in me! These projects are what I like to call Design Frankensteins.
The thing that excites me most about CoLab makeathon is designing for emerging technologies and opportunity to work with like-minded technologists, designers, makers and experts. I am excited about exploring use cases of emerging technologies and impact of those technologies on both social, political and behavioral. The designs developed by CoLab fellows is the kind of work that I would like to do and explore.
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I want to collaboratively explore how emerging technologies can affect major societal changes. As many present day societies are embedded within cities, societal changes will also be urban changes. I am very interested in the interaction between humans and the built environment. This makeathon is the perfect place to begin exploring the intersection of cities, technology and utopias due to IDEO’s long established focus on human-centered design and multidisciplinary nature.
Emerging technology and product design are even more for me now that I am getting a degree in public health. Not only will it re-engage with the bread and butter of product design and my roots from the Media Lab, it will also fuse with my new vocab and lens from public health. I am on the hunt for new ideas, new products and new ways of doing things to disrupt the field of public health so that we don't as great of a need of public health.
"It is a unique opportunity to work alongside world-class designers, technologists, and organizational experts to explore emerging technologies and develop human centered products and services solving some of the complex problem around societal systems. 

During my conversation with Lisa Tacorante, Summer CoLab Fellow’2016 and fellow MIT Sloanie, she re-iterated how she used IDEO CoLab’s design thinking and prototype creation process to prototype Witness, a Crowdsourced News Images platform, that leverages the underlying blockchain technologies (smart contracts, micropayments, and verified metadata) to democratize the photojournalism, providing a trusted platform through which regular people and their media organizations can transact.

One of the things that differentiates CoLab Makeathon and further CoLab Fellow program is that it just doesn’t stop at ideation but it requires fellows to get their hand’s dirty in building a technically functional and business viable prototype.
"
"As a sculpture major, I am concentrated in gaining a broad knowledge in ways of making from traditional methods (bronze casting and clay modeling) to contemporary methods (robotics and digital fabrication). These skill sets fulfill my need and eager to translate my artistic perception into solid existence.
In my Vanity Makeup System, I extracted the procedural logic from the popular Youtube culture and translated it into C++ codes, represented as a vocal guidance from an Arduino chip. I truly enjoy the quirkiness of such reinterpretation across different media and different languages. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I want to extend my practices to a broader platform and curate my artistic creations for broader audiences. It is exciting for me to envision the possibility that will generate from the collaboration between fine art and technology."
As a game designer, I'm constantly thinking about motivation, reward, frameworks & flow. I would love to apply those design perspectives to other produces & services, while collaborating with brilliant innovators.
A few weeks ago, in my Green Engineering and Sustainable Design class, we watched Ideo’s TED Talk on Creative Confidence.   The video really resonated with me—like many STEM-y folks, I hadn’t really thought of myself as the “creative type.”   But after I ride my scooter down a hill, I like to think about all the variations of two-wheeled vehicles that haven’t been invented yet.   When I find myself in a staring contest with a random object, I like to think of magic tricks I could invent with it.   This makeathon would give me a forum with lots of other “creative” people not only to brainstorm ideas about solutions to real-world problems, but also to start making them happen.   
"I want to participate in CoLab because I have an idea, and I would like more exposure to build my own creative confidence. To pursue an idea, I am looking for passionate and also self driven inspiration that will allow me to expand my idea into a reality. Makeathon by IDEO is structured to test great teamwork between multidiscipline, a great chance for me to learn more about what it takes to bring an idea to reality. The participants of this Makethon will also be very diverse, which will help me expand my network and experience. 

More often than not, an idea never makes it to the end, and having an idea is easy, but executing it, facing failures and challenges, requires determination. CoLab allows me to meet people that will inspire me and allow me to see a different perspective. I believe CoLab will help me understand what it takes to troubleshoot a prototype, bringing an idea closer to marketable product. "
"I loved working with IDEO in New York and am excited to meet the CoLab staff in Cambridge. I appreciate that the event will draw together a group of diverse thinkers from across Harvard, MIT, Tufts, and other schools. While I have spent some time at Harvard's iLab, I'm still getting to know the community and I am eager to meet more entrepreneurial-minded peers in Cambridge.   

I am closest to my true self when I am grappling with a big, fun challenge. It's what I find most exciting in the world! I love the snowball of ideas that comes when a group of creative thinkers are engaging with one another and pasting Sticky Notes left and right. "
"I have been studying art and interactive media so  I have strong skills such as drawing, 2D design, and Video. I think interactive media allows people to communicate with each other. My second masters is at ITP(Interactive Telecommunications Program) which solely focuses on the intersection between arts and technology at New York University. I believe that art and technology collaborate together more than ever. Artists and Designers are important for their perspective of the world, and the direction they lead viewers to perceive that world. This is why I want to focus on being creative with other creators having diverse background.
"
"I am interested in how emerging technologies can be leveraged to promote positive change. I would like to learn from team members with diverse talents and ideas, and to spend a day immersed in developing one idea of how to make change happen. 

Working intensely on a project for a dedicated amount of time can be a very valuable learning experience in many ways. Participants learn different approaches to refining ideas and designs, get a jump start on new skills or get a chance to develop existing skills. Something about the intense episodic nature of a makeathon makes it particularly productive for learning. 

As an educator, I am very interested in project based learning and makeathons/hackathons in general, and I am curious about how to incorporate the hackathon model into curriculum design. 
"
I want to take part in the CoLab Makethon for three reasons. First, I want to grow my human-centered design and prototyping skills. Second, I am a big fan of IDEO. I became a fan after watching the Nightline special and reading Creative Confidence. Third, as someone who works with the Federal Government, I believe AI, AR/VR, blockchain and IoT technologies will transform many federal agencies' missions and services.
"As a designer and architecture student at Harvard Graduate School of Design, I am fascinated with how technologies of diverse industries can help shape our society. I have studied how design can shape societies through the built environment, and would love to further explore the ways in which emerging technologies can push the boundaries of design. 

Moreover, I am a passionate designer who is interested in working together with other engaged students and designers. I enjoy teamwork and collaboration, and am excited by the prospect of working with a passionate and multi-disciplinary team to create a meaningful project. 
"
"I know that I’ll get a chance to use my creativity and user-centered design skills to work towards creating a product that will make an impact. I want to participate in this CoLab specifically because one of the themes this year is augmented and virtual reality. It’s a great chance to dive deeper into the topic and actually create a prototype for it. While I’m not as familiar with blockchains or the internet of things, participating in this CoLab will provide exposure and enable me to learn and design for these tech space. 

I love designing and using design to solve problems and make a difference in systems, society, and people’s lives. Participating in the CoLab will allow me to work on a multidisciplinary team and not only collaborate with people who have different skill sets but who are also from different cities and of varying demographics. It’s the perfect opportunity to learn and cross-pollinate 1. ideas and 2. research and design methodologies. "
The prediction I got in my high school yearbook for senior year was "will be doing crafts in her room." I feel like I haven't been able to live up to that prediction in computer science and premed classes, so I think a makeathon is the perfect opportunity to break out of that rut. 
I believe that best design is uncovered through shared experiences and insights. Collaboration is key to innovation in tackling the uprising complexities of our current society. I would love to be part of this public sphere of collaborative design and meet other like-minded peers! 
it would be a great opportunity to use my design skills and collaborate with different people from different background, to build something that would contributes to the field of technology, and makes a difference in the world we live in.
I want to participate because I believe in design doing. I seek out projects where I'm able to have a hands on role in the creation process, whether it is a startup I launched at the Harvard Innovation lab, creating a video editing tool in VR at the Media Lab, an app for the city of Somerville using IBM Watson to better connect with citizens, or a hackathon with Illy (Italian coffee company) to reinvent their retail experience for millennials. I believe in the power of the design thinking tools to help create solution to today's wicked problems. As an ambidextrous thinker, I take a rigorous and creative approach to problem solving and I believe that as the world faces significant challenges we need to apply right and left brain thinking to approach those problems - the answers lie at the intersection of both types of thinking, and when all stakeholders are at the table. I'm excited to co-create solutions with corporates, students, end users to get started on creating the future, today
"+ I believe in collaborative problem-solving. During Microsoft Imagine Cup Egypt & Poland, my team’s software design proposal to solve UN’s MDG related to healthcare & child mortality reached national finals. At Deloitte, I spent time providing technological solutions to Fortune 500 clients. I am one of the 25 participants of Microsoft’s Inclusive Design Workshop, that aims at addressing prevalent issues in marginalized communities.

+ I am in awe of design thinking. My first rendezvous was while engaging teenagers from underprivileged areas of Mumbai in the global movement, Design for Change. Later, I involved system & school-level stakeholders, to build a collective learning vision for teenagers, deeply seated in the context of the community. At Harvard, using IDEO’s Design Thinking for Educators framework, I am exploring EdTech trends under the mentorship of K. Brennan, and employing it for Social Innovation with F. Reimers.
"
I first heard about the CoLab makeathon through Joel Kwartler, a Harvard student and fellow member of Springboard Design Club, Harvard's first and only undergraduate design club. I joined Springboard as a freshman and became a board member my Sophomore year. As amazing an organization as Springboard is, it is the only one of its kind on campus. Harvard has no undergraduate design program and very few design classes, so I feel that there are few opportunities for me to really experience the human-centered design process in a hands-on and meaningful way. For this reason, I would love to attend the CoLab makeathon. I would greatly appreciate the chance to work with other students from various schools and backgrounds in order to experience IDEO's design thinking process, discuss emerging technologies and, above all, get a real opportunity to work with other makers. 
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I want to use internet of things technology to build a product that empowers others in a positive way. I believe there is a responsibility to leverage technology for good, and I want to collaborate with other innovators to make that happen. There is unlimited potential when teams contribute their unique skills because of the different perspectives they bring. When guided by CoLab’s expert facilitators, these cross-functional teams may apply internet of things technology in a completely novel and unexpected way. These opportunities to think differently and learn are incredibly exciting to me and I want to be intimately involved with that. I don’t just want to hear about it later on and wonder how I could have contributed and collaborated. I want to take on responsibility for applying internet of things technology to products to do good. I want to be part of the synthesis and the development process at CoLab and make that difference.
Kate Catlin, a former IDEO fellow, referred me to this position and sold the experience. In full honesty, the best part about experiences like these is forging relationships with people whom you'd rarely meet otherwise. Magic happens when you place a diverse, eclectic group of people in a challenging environment. I've noticed a "moonshot" gap — there's a hesitation, a risk-averse approach to building great products. It instills distrust and a lack of commitment in teams, ultimately stifling growth. The makeathon is a way to re-engage those design-thinking muscles, empowering me to bring those skills back to work. 
As a tech enthusiast and a budding UX-er, I want to meet likeminded students and professionals, bounce my ideas off of them, and together begin to change the world through human-centered, disruptive products. Makeathons such as this one excite me to no end; I love the communal sense of energy and excitement that they foster. Last year, I participated in—and won!—a hack-a-thon at Harvard Business School hosted by illycafe, Innovation Foundries, and IDEO to fundamentally disrupt the coffee industry. Since then, I’ve been craving similar experiences and places where I can use my past skills and experiences to learn alongside very talented people. 
As a recent graduate, I have primarily engaged myself with challenging school projects and personal explorations that have helped me polish my technical skills and expand my design focus. I like to approach design with a clear understanding of the audience and the content for which I am designing for. As a result, most of my work lean toward the clean and practical sides of the design spectrum. However, I am always open to experimentation and venture into unknown territories to design something I am not familiar with. It is outside of my comfort zone that I learn most. With this opportunity provided by the Colab makeathon, I am hoping to apply what I have learned so far in design school to solve interesting and complex problems.
There is no other way I’d rather spend my time than actively working with smart, excited, creative people to make something meaningful. I want to engage with and contribute to the variety of knowledge and diversity of experiences represented at the CoLab. Taking part in thoughtful, purpose-driven design thinking would inspire me and introduce me to new tools and ideas to continue to make a positive impact through design. 
"a.	I get a chance to practice design thinking process of IDEO and create human-centered products and services and test them out with real people.
b.	In order to collaborate with a team of people from diverse backgrounds and talents, and create creative solutions to some of the world’s biggest problems.
c.	The mentorship advice and feedback from designers who have professional expertise will help me in improving my design thinking skills.
d.	I have a strong desire to build my expertise as a designer and make a difference in the community with my design.
e.	I want to be a maker in the long run and this event acts as a step towards achieving my goal. 
"
I especially enjoy participating in hackathons/makeathons; there’s something special about collaborating with a group of individuals, often strangers, to create a product that proposes a solution to a particular issue in a small period of time. I’ve been able to conceptualize some of my greatest projects while working with people from different backgrounds and specialties. Above all, makeathons are just fun!
My life is dedicated to working with the world's most talented minds in design, business, and engineering to solve the most impactful and challenging problems. If I'm going to design experiences that will make true impact I need to experience the design process with colleagues I'll be working with for the next century. I'm excited to work with the enabling technologies that will push us to the limits of our own creativity.
"First, I’m interested in IDEO’s focus on multidisciplinary design teams. I would love to experience this in person. Many of the VR projects that I’ve done at school have been designed to explore ideas, rather than solve real problems. I would love to team up with other people to think about how we could use xR to address more substantial challenges.

Second, I would love to learn about IDEO’s approach to prototyping. I was very inspired by the video where the IDEO team quickly designed and prototyped a shopping cart. It would be great to get feedback from IDEO designers and experience this process hands on. 

Third, In the context of VR/AR, I’m also interested in how we can come up with simple ways to make a prototype real enough to feel without spending a day coding."
"of the process.  Putting heads together with teammates from diverse backgrounds and interests to study the role of technology in business, governance, and society is the most effective way to see into the future and design for it. 

I enjoy the democratic nature of the prototyping methodology, and believe these sessions bring out the most creative solutions."
The concept of designing new ideas and prototypes to solve human problems using emerging technology fascinates me - the ability to explore my ideas and experiment creative solutions is a huge opportunity that I would not be able to find outside this CoLAB. I particularly look forward to the interdisciplinary approach that the CoLab emphasizes, where designers, entrepreneurs, technicians, and business people will collaborate to focus on solving problems facing the modern industries. Through valuable mentorship from entrepreneurial professionals and researchers, I hope to not only hone my technical abilities but also become a multi-faceted product developer who can view problems through multiple perspectives. Rarely do I get the opportunity to work and think with people with different skills sets from mine, with those who can offer multiple approaches outside of STEM. I look forward to contributing individual talents to produce an optimal solution. 
"Majoring in International Relations and Anthropology at Tufts I find a wonderful resonance between these fields of study and the human-centered outcomes inherent in Design Thinking.  The CoLab Makeathon will be a great opportunity to visualize new ideas, designs, and experiences and co-create them in the physical space. 
I also see an opportunity to contribute perspectives, experiences, and energies with teammates at the CoLab Makeathon to better understand challenges, deliver insight, and design solutions. I believe the Makeathon will provide me with new opportunities to learn and contribute alongside other curious people and develop new channels for advancing the human condition.
I am eager to contribute to the CoLab Team’s success, to listen and learn, and to take the initiative. Gaining hands-on experience with IDEO’s User Centered Design and its focus on tangible results will help me tackle the human ‘design challenges’ in a variety of forms.
"
I love to build things! Whether it’s building a web app to order from food trucks, fabricating a personalized electric vehicle, or planning a protest (<- all projects that I’ve recently worked on) I love being able to rearrange the world around me to create beautiful and useful things.  
I want to participate in makeathon as I want to be a summer fellow with Ideo because I want to learn from the best people in the industry. I am a UX Designer, and I always look for opportunities to collaborate with other stakeholders in the making of a product. It is a delight to see something I designed come to life when other people put effort to it. Participating in Makeathon will help me see a product build from scratch till the end. This will always provide me a platform to collaborate with people from different schools, something I have always wanted. I function well in intense environments and can showcase my creativity and skills which I have learnt from my experience in industry and school. Mostly, I want to have fun while working with great people. Last year, someone from my university was selected for makeathon and hearing his experiences has generated excitement in me to be a part of this.
My dream is to live a life of freedom, creativity and meaning. I want to challenge the scope of my curiosities, gain new insights for personal development and meet some awesome people as well. I wanted to be a general consultant to learn more about the technology, consumer products, fashion and art industries. Since I started my MBA, that vision has developed into seeking or creating my own business opportunities that enable future citizens to lead smarter and healthier lives in those industries. My experience in Healthcare provided meaning, but the roles fell short in freedom and creativity. My involvement in the launch of Vera Wang bridal opened my eyes to new possibilities. I learned that the fluid structure of workflow, hands-on element of store renovations and result of happy brides, made me excited to work and encapsulated freedom, creativity and meaning. This is the perfect opportunity for me to combine my business acumen and desire to be creative in my impact on society.
...it is the perfect opportunity to experience the type of work that CoLab does and will confirm (or disconfirm) my enthusiasm for the program. Even if I would not be selected for the internship, I hope through the makeathon to develop strong connections with and learn from fellow makeathon participants.
"1) Nothing excites me more than meeting other enthusiastic makers who care about designing and developing solutions to make an impact on society for the better. With a diverse group of participants, I am stoked to learn a great deal from every single person I encounter.

2) As a visual learner with a  ""get things done"" attitude, a makeathon is the type of collaborative hands-on environment where I truly thrive in my element. 

3) I'd like to apply for the opportunity to work with the CoLab to find solutions to sustainability problems, such as in transportation, food, and energy. 

Having led projects that focused on food waste and recycling education, and participated in hackathons that focused on ed tech and urban innovation, I find that using technology to design for impact is what I am most passionate about. "
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because every trip through the design process makes me a little more open and generative -- and each multidisciplinary team I collaborate with makes me a little more skeptical of allegedly unsolvable and intractable problems. I’m attracted to the CoLab because I don’t want to edit broken systems in an echo chamber. I want to author new ventures and experiences. To do this, I must surround myself with people who think differently than I do. The CoLab makeathon will connect me with the type of thought community I seek while rooting us in a common user-centered approach. I am eager to apply my “yes, and” style of collaborative and absorb all the learning I can along the way. Let’s find our blind spots, makeathon-ers! And make better because of it.
I want to be inspired. Whereas unfamiliarity once triggered fear in me, it now kindles excitement; I thrive in an environment where things blow my mind, bowl me over and leave me racing to catch up. IDEO nurtures precisely that kind of environment, in which boundaries are not only crossed but redefined. When people ask me what I am passionate about, I cannot quite say engineering, computer science, or even design. I am passionate about ideas -- the wilder, the better. Ideation is contagious. As an event that brings together so many dynamic and innovative people together, the CoLab Makeathon promises to be a veritable treasure trove of ideas. To be in a place where ideas are born by the minute, by the second,  surrounded by so many people who share my passion for ideas, would be the most inspiring experience I can imagine. 
Design thinking is about confidently navigating the unknown and believing you will come out on the other side with concrete solutions. As a design thinker, I'm interested in applying this process I'm experienced in to exciting and uncharted spaces.
I want to become IDEO CoLab Fellow. I love the design thinking approach to solve business problems and the IDEO culture that foster creativity and collaboration. Finally, I'm passion about customer satisfaction, so I would be a great member of IDEO team.
"I have always been interested in open-ended problems and models of collaboration. My professional work in architecture has primarily occurred through the design competition structure. I find it an exhilarating and productive way of generating new ideas; however I believe this process can still be improved. 

At the AR/VR hackathon at MIT last fall, I found that the benefit of designing a digital platform was that the feedback loop was significantly faster than in the design of a building: We were able to generate ideas and test them almost instantaneously. The flexibility of our product also encouraged us to be more nimble as a team.

For me, the IDEO makeathon is a unique opportunity. It is both an exercise in fast-based collaboration as well as a platform to evaluate ideas by diverse metrics.  I hope to learn new problem-solving strategies from peers in different fields, and I hope to leave with a more precise position on the potentials and pitfalls of these emerging technologies."
"I can work with top talents from different disciplines to build solutions and test out the solutions with corporate partners. 
"
I am pretty excited for such a great experience of sitting down with groups of talented people from Harvard, MIT, etc. with totally different backgrounds and actually joining and simulating what is going on within IDEO CoLab activity instead of just reading and talking about it. I am also interested in the topic of technology focused design for this makeathon. We are living in an exciting time, a revolution on how people interacts with each other and with technology as well. In addition, design thinking is a vital part in the development of technology, which can give unexpected characteristics and improve the socialization  and communication between human and technology. I always believe that each time is a learning experience, as each project presents new challenge that requires innovational solutions. Being able to discuss with people and keep questioning on every single step would be extremely stimulating and I wish to join such process during the makeathon for its potentials. 
I've always really enjoyed making and I like how the CoLab makeathon is focused on making things that matter, that improve the world. From what I can tell, it's not just another makeathon where the goal is to make some tech toy, but rather something with a purpose, that could be actually used in meaningful manner. Some of the products from the CoLab that I liked were the GlockChain and really anything to do with plants and sustainable farming.
I love to design things and I love to make things, meaning I will take any and all opportunities to practice and to test my "making" skills.  What makes the makeathon special is that in pairing me with a group of talented and passionate peers, it not only presents an opportunity for practice but, more importantly, an opportunity to learn from others.
It is easy to imagine a future in which augmented reality lends itself to a universe dense with  advertisements, internet of things technologies create a state of radical intrusive surveillance, and the implementation of artificial intelligence drives even more widespread xenophobia and racism. However, as designers, makers, thinkers, ethicists, and engineers, it is our duty to provide the framework for these technologies so such consequences won’t arise. The CoLab makeathon is an ephemeral, intentional place for people passionate about the intersections of technology, society, and design to come together to imagine the future. Participating would be an incredible and unique opportunity to engage with and listen to peers and mentors alike to solve meaningful societal problems. I want to physically prototype creative solutions quickly and collaboratively and extend my understanding of technology tenfold. I don’t think I've ever been so excited to apply to a program.
"… I would like to learn how IDEO uses technology and design concepts to solve real problems. I am currently working on a business idea related to retirement savings for middle income families, and I believe that insights from IDEO’s Design Thinking process can be extraordinarily helpful to me.
A few weeks ago, as part of a school trek, several of my peers and I had the opportunity to visit IDEO’s Palo Alto office and meet with Managing Director Dana Cho. This was my first exposure to the company and its work, and I came away eager to learn more from experts like you in using technology and design to address societal challenges, such as retirement saving and planning. "
"I have worked on a wide range of projects with people from different backgrounds in the last 12 years, and I have come to find that the best design outcomes and my best work experiences were in collaborative projects working with innovative people from mixed disciplines. 
I have been working in a small office for the past few months after graduating in May, 2016, and I would really appreciate being in a collaborative research environment again, where you’re ideating using new technologies and environments. From exploring new research methods to innovating the design process, I’ve come to appreciate the work and values IDEO stands for. I hope to get an opportunity to work with people who have similar way of thinking.
"
It is a cool space to work, ideate and create with passionate and like minded people.
I love tinkering with new technologies, and I'm excited to dive into the challenges with diverse teams. Making is my natural state; making with others is even better. I'd love the chance to explore new tech and meet other makers across disciplines - and I'm particularly interested in applying my skills to human problems and learning about the relevant industries. My undergraduate studies and research focused on psychology and cognition, so I have a person-centered approach. 
"I want to take risks and get creative with life - a promise that I made to myself when I entered graduate school. 

Going back to school after working for six years was difficult. While there were compelling professional reasons, the strongest catalyst was a personal one. Post-college I was eager to work in non-profits where I thought I can most directly address poverty issues. However, I was quickly exasperated with the inefficiencies I saw. Given that people lives were at stake, I was convinced there ought to be better ways of delivering impact. Feeling frustrated I decided to pause my career and go back to school. 

CoLab Make-a-Thon embodies my desire to explore creative ways to address complex issues. The hands-on experience of producing prototypes and the opportunity to meet other passionate creative problem-solvers were big draws for me. Ultimately, I see this as a step to fulfill my goal of pushing the boundaries of my knowledge and get creative."
"I’m passionate about social impact design.

This past semester, I co-founded an urban agriculture startup, Verticulture. Our product is a modular agricultural system that links together and mounts multiple plant slots. Verticulture will increase nutritional access and green space in slum communities. And, the product combats air pollution by naturally filtering toxins from the air. We utilize vertical space because groundsoil-based urban farming is susceptible to heavy metal contamination (particularly in slum areas). Whereas most existing vertical agricultural solutions require electronic parts, our design does not, making each planter unit exceedingly affordable (less than a dollar) for lower-class urban citizens.

Whether I continue work on my Verticulture project or pursue something entirely new as part of a team, the CoLab makeathon is the best place for me to join with like-minded students to help make the world a better place."
"The makeathon sounds like an extraordinary experience! One of the CoLab fellows, Shuya Gong, spoke to us at Synergy, a social entrepreneurship incubator that I helped to organize, and I was so inspired by the energy and creativity the CoLab vision generates. She offered us a brief glimpse into an incredible way of thinking and creating and making with others that reminded me about all that I had loved most about Future Problem Solvers. It was electrifying! The CoLab makeathon would be an incredible opportunity to immerse myself in that creative process.  
"
I want to participate in the CoLab because I believe in the power of creativity to transform the world. I love building things and designing creative solutions to problems -- Its what humans were made for, and it's to our ingenuity that we owe our success as a species. I am also so excited for the opportunity to work with a team of brilliant people on an open ended project where the sky is the limit. To me this sounds like an absolute blast, not only because the process itself will be incredibly edifying, but also because it is teams like these that bring about real change in the world, and that is exactly what I want to be a part of. 
It’s an amazing opportunity to meet people who are passionate about emerging technologies and to work on important and crucial human problems.
"Having spent a little more than half a decade as a design & technology practitioner(wearing diverse hats such as R&D for Jaguar Landrover and Product Management for MckInsey Digital Labs) I have realized the definitive transformative force bestowed by applying technology and design within the myriad complex affairs that the world faces today.
 "
I believe that the new technologies entering in our life have to be oriented towards people, the real users - that’s why human centered design is such an important part of any product or service today. And the best way to create this user experience is through a diverse team of talented people. Taking part in the makeathon will allow me to gain additional experience in creating user-centered solutions on exciting new technologies with inspiring people.
I'd like to be apart of a fun and innovative experience that's cross-disciplinary. I'm a versatile person and see myself as a business strategist and systems thiker. I'm interested in seeing if something is potentially feasible and desirable. Also, I'm interested in the policy implications of future technologies.  
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I am looking to engage in conversation with your team and the other participants of the event. I feel like the experience will give me new inspiration and ideas about how to explore my own research ideas and the development challenges Iam facing in the project I am working on at Synaptive. Similarly, I have been following the research of IDEOCoLab for  some time and I find it to very much aligned with my own research interests.                                                                      
I love IDEO's mentality for design. Its commitment to design for social betterment and the future has been shown in the events organized by them and the ones I help put on with them through Scout, Northeastern's Student Design Agency. These events have inspired me and others that I work with to look at design as a catalyst for change.
I honestly could not think of a better way to spend a Saturday. I participated in the Nov. 2017 makeathon in Cambridge, and the experience was truly unparalleled. I loved the energy in the room, meeting participants that were as passionate as I was about creating things that mattered (some of whom I am still in touch with), practicing human centered design, and most importantly - ideating and making a product. I left the day inspired and excited - having always had a love for tinkering and creation, from my military service as an electro-optic technician to my sketchbook, the makeathon was an important reminder for me that what matters is not only the questions which I want to address, but also how I would like to address them. It is now clear to me, more than ever, that an environment such as that supported by IDEO’s culture is one which I would both greatly enjoy, and in which I will be able tackle the major challenges our communities face. I would love to be inspired once again.
My favorite classes in grad school were all in the d.school and as much as I've tried to keep that feeling of innovation and exploration alive outside of school, there's simply nothing like being around a bunch of people that share the same appreciation for crazy ideas as you do.
"
I want to participate because I think makeathon is where people trying to detect and make the future. 

First, I am a “detective”. I enjoy observing, finding clues in the smallest detail. I liked to explore and learn something different to see the bigger picture.I am fascinated about connecting elements or tracking a path that can led us somewhere. I believe there is always a logic, a net, a different future hiding and waiting for us!

Second, I am a maker. I love making friends with objects. They are more experienced and educated than people. By making an object, I learned the material, which is the beginning of everything. This is like giving me a fresh start, that is full of possibility. Also, by making an object, I learned the logic behind making, which is a way to connect. Then that logic can be apply to something else and then make something new!"
I am always looking for opportunities to create new work, hone my skills and meet likeminded people. Internship/fellowship potential doesn't hurt either. 
I've been struck by the most elegant, simple, and impactful products at the intersection of tech, psych, and design. Since an externship with the design company Mad*Pow in late 2016/ early 2017, I've been in awe of the work that goes into beautiful design and I've been vibrantly absorbing as much insight as I can in the world of design. I've been developing my own projects and refining my own skill set while engaging in nonstop learning. It'd be a gem to interact with IDEO. This makeathon strikes me as a profound learning opportunity and an exhilarating chance to build something impactful.
I’ve participated in two of the CoLabs in the past and had a blast! More importantly though, I think I’m really excited about how emerging technologies like those explored through this Lab will reshape the future. If we take these transformations as given, then it’s important that we as a society are intentional about making sure that emerging technologies are incorporated in a way that’s ethical and sustainable. Aside from that, I’m really excited to experiment with these technologies and get my hands dirty helping to build tech prototypes. In my academic life there hasn’t been much room for this this kind of creativity and I feel like the makeathon would be a great outlet. I also really love the design-thinking aspect of IDEO’s work and think human centered design has great potential to deal with some of the ethical concerns around these technologies. By placing people at the center it ensures that we continue producing things that solve real problems, no matter how specific.
I really enjoy building gadgets and the event sounds like a lot of fun. When I was a freshman in college I was invited to give a design talk at the IDEO NYC office and I had a great time.
"I want to bring Human-Centered-Design into international development, and more particularly to the healthcare delivery in Africa and I want to meet and work with IDEO as the best in the field in order to make that happen. Based on my 5-year experience, at the World Bank Innovation Lab, I have seen how crucial HCD is to any service delivery programs. At the same time, international development institutions struggle to adopt HCD as a practice and mindset. Most of the $300m investments I was a part of was focused on building infrastructure which is not human-centered and ultimately not used at all. More see in my blog http://blogs.worldbank.org/dmblog/part-2-five-principles-behavior-change-lessons-social-enterprises . I want to change that pattern, as it is the only way to bring impact and sustainability. 

To achieve my goal, I want to build of my HCD experience and further learn from and work with the best in the industry, IDEO. "
"I want to engage in the CoLab makeathon to tackle obstacles people perceive as impossible. I participated in a 24-hour design sprint last winter to address Postoperative Cognitive Disorder, a 20-year problem that hospitals have not been able to address. By collaborating with over 100 multi-disciplinary students the problem was tackled from multiple points of view. These various perspectives led to richer solutions rooted in the sum of our experiences. The beauty of collaboration comes from the opportunity to learn from each other and the ability to create better solutions we could not make alone.

I believe the most important skills for a designer to possess are the ability to create and to learn. Immersing myself in the process is the best way for me to learn. If a solution cannot be achieved, it challenges us to go deeper and form a better understanding of the problem. Create to Learn. Learn to Create. This is at the core of design and I believe at the core of CoLab. "
Because I'm a maker as well as a creator. I'm a UX designer, and before this, I was an Industrial Engineer. What I do is designing seamless interfaces between human and technology. As an industrial engineer, I find solutions to make the system better as a whole. And as a UX designer, I make the solution closer to perfect in every detail. I believe that I'm capable of making a team greater. And more importantly, I want to create some amazing stuff with cool people in this memorable day!
"I see product design and innovation as the gateway to a better world—whether that's enabling people to connect to each other through virtual reality or creating better interfaces with artificial intelligence.
I love makeathons, having attended a few myself. To me, the atmosphere of creativity, together with the opportunity to connect with other really smart people, is the best part of a makeathon. I want to attend the CoLab makeathon because I think it will be a unique opportunity to make, to break, and to interact with awesome people!"
"I have only gotten to participate in design teams within Yale, and want to work with other students and professionals to push my understanding of the design process. 

My current experience includes leading two teams for Yale's studio of Design for America (DFA) and participating in the Yale Entrepreneurial Institute's Venture Creation Program (VCP). DFA introduced me to the design process, and my leadership position to the intricacies of successfully delivering a user-centered product. As the co-founder of a tech venture that connected travelers to locals for the VCP, I learned how to take on individual responsibility as the front-end developer and director of community outreach, while also cohering with a team. 

While these opportunities, as well as my interest in architecture, have made me excited about design, they have required a lot of self-study and experimentation. I now want to grow my understanding of the design process and design’s potential by learning from others."
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I am very passionate about the mentioned emerging technologies, as well as the IDEO way of approaching problems. As a member of Design for America, I am experienced in and an advocate for the design thinking process and human centered design, and my studies are directly related to the proposed emerging technologies. The makeathon will allow me to combine my experience and knowledge with other individuals who have similar interests and work towards creating the foundations of the future.
"I first learned about IDEO at a Harvard Business School winter session program last year, in a case study on IDEO’s design process. I was captivated by the company’s culture and approach to design, and once a friend and former CoLab member (Joel Kwartler) mentioned that working for IDEO could be a real possibility, I knew I had to apply.
I discovered my love for math and numbers as a child, and since coming to college my passion for working with data has only strengthened. However, over the past couple of years, my classes, extracurricular, and various jobs have all led me to an important realization: my most stimulating and meaningful work experiences are when I am collaborating with others. 
IDEO is the ideal opportunity me to apply my technical skills, but alongside other people in a creative role, one in which I am constantly being engaged and challenged to think outside the box, an expectation I welcome.
"
While the material of engineering classes can be inherently interesting, you don't get to do a lot of day-to-day making or designing. It would be an incredible experience to get to spend the day bouncing ideas off of and iterating different 'designs' for whatever the makeathon challenge is. What I find especially interesting about the CoLab makeathon is the fact that CoLab believes wholeheartedly in the idea that the best ideas come not from teams of specialists, but teams of made up of diverse and dynamic people who have varied interests and viewpoints. You need to see the big picture in order to find the best solution for the problem at hand. 
"I tend to think of the development of emerging technologies as a process similar to traditional R & D that necessitates a long period of research, production, testing, and iteration. Participating in the makeathon would a be a unique opportunity for me to consider, explore, and understand how design thinking and human-centered design principles can be used in applying emerging technologies to solve problems.

The makeathon would also be a great way to connect and learn from other participants interested in the development and application of emerging technologies."
I am excited about the prospect of engaging with and learning from the diverse group of participants!  I am also a huge fan of IDEO's human-centered approach to innovation. Fun fact: David Kelly’s life story inspired me to study engineering in the first place.
As a master student in public policy at the Harvard Kennedy School, I am the Co-Chair of “The Future Society”, a student organization that we founded, because we endeavor to engage citizens, experts and practitioners in a collective effort to explore the current techno-scientific explosion. I am also the founder and Chair of the McCloy Civic Tech Module, a group of students that partners with cities and NGOs to custom-design and implement new technologies, such as Blockchain and VR, in the public sector and put them to good use for vulnerable groups or civic engagement in general. Personally I engage with these emerging technologies every day, but I realize when working with other groups that people often react with anxiety. When I heard about the makeathon, I immediately thought that this was a great chance to participate and learn how to make these technologies more tailored and accessible for diverse groups of people.
".. because I love creating an amazing future. On one side of my personality, I love people, I love how people's passions drive them to create amazing things, and I love helping people become deeper into what they love. On another side, I love developing new technology, working in the space of possibilities at the edge of what is possible & useful for society. 

I have an insatiable curiosity and I love wearing many hats. I love learning and growing myself in different directions, and that makes me passionate & capable for diverse roles. I am knowledgeable about developing technology for societally-beneficial applications (I research & develop AR for young children's education), and realize this background empowers me to make significant impact in the future when AR/VR become mainstream. So now I wish to collaborate with IDEO, to learn from other designers and visionaries, in order to grow my potential to make a useful difference for the future of humanity."
"As the co-founder and Design Lead of OpenIDEO Toronto, Design Thinking Toronto, Global Service Design Jam, and the Toronto chapter of the World Future Society, participating in this makeathon is a no brainer. 

That said, designing for emerging technologies is the new frontier. Helping push this conversation forward, in collaboration with other curious individuals, under the guidance of designers at IDEO, are few of the reasons why this makeathon is so special.

Emerging technologies like Blockchain, AR/VR, AI, and IoT can radically alter how society works for the better, and we are barely scratching the surface of finding out how these technologies can integrate into existing value networks and unleash new ones. While design thinking is a great starting point, there is room for specific tools and heuristics that respond to these emerging technologies, and the networks they enable. Having read ""Design for emerging technologies"" in 2015, I hunger for the latest thinking on this topic."
I want to participate in this CoLab makeathon because (1) I’m eager to collaborate with teams of mixed specialties (2) on pertinent projects that (3) have the potential to reach the real world. My primary interest is the effect of technology on society, specifically the ways we co-exist, communicate, and connect in the various realities and media around us. This CoLab seems like a great fit.
"So far, I have noticed a big separation between my technical classes and my design coursework, which has centered mostly around art and social understanding. What I think is missing is the chance to put the technical elements and design strategies together. Therefore, I’m really excited about the topics of this makeathon. I am excited to study their technical capabilities. I also recognize their incredible societal implications and intricacies and I am interested in trying to detangle their potential. It’s just a really exciting marriage of two things which I care a lot about. 

To me, one of the most exciting elements of a makeathon is meeting others, hearing their ideas and learning from them.  I’m especially interested collaborating in a design setting to learn new design techniques! 

In conclusion, I'd excited to apply the technical knowledge I’ve been gaining to a new, real, different problem. I am always looking for ways to grow in my education I think this is one opportunity."
I love making stuff and working in teams. 
I believe that our lives are a result of those things we habitually think and habitually do. Coming from a family of makers and shakers - mechanical and aeronautical engineers, doctors, and artists - I was inadvertently introduced to cross-disciplinary learning. My grandfather introduced me to hammers and construction tools that enabled me to build my annual summer tree house, while my mother instilled within me a deep appreciation for arts and humanities through painting, dancing, acting and reading. At my core, I’ve always had a passion to communicate and build worlds from my imagination. IDEO’s mission to bring together bright thinkers and doers deeply resonates with my desire to be part of a collective effort to synthesize science, technology, art, and design in search of creative solutions for world’s most pressing problems. 
Every hackathon that I’ve participated in has had very different formats, but the CoLab makeathon’s format strikes me as the most effective. Because the teams are built by facilitators, every member is given a platform to contribute their particular set of skills, and instead of spending time on finding a team during the makeathon or being limited by having a pre-formed team, participants can focus on integrating their unique background into the overall mission of the team. I’m very much looking forward to this interesting format and meeting my team on the day of. I also like that this makeathon is more technology-driven, compared to a more policy-driven hackathon I have attended), and instead of being a general software or hardware hackathon, there are clear, specific areas (emerging technologies) guiding the CoLab makeathon; yet these areas are each broad enough to allow for flexibility in what the participants may end up working on.
I am an innovator with a concentration in business analytics and product design. I have worked on IoT projects such as the first internet automobile and intelligent transportation network design in China. I have many business skills that I want to use them to solve people's problems and create amazing, awesome solutions and products.
I want to participate in the Colab makeathon because as a student studying industrial design at RISD, I love making and I am always making. I make as a designer while I always try not  to only  think as a designer, but also to think as engineers, business-minded people and others. I also appreciate the diversity that a multi-disciplinary working environment could generate. Participating in the Colab makeathon would be a great opportunity for me to make things and work with people come from different backgrounds. I am also confident that my experience as an industrial design student fits the purpose of the Colab makeathon very well. 
I have always, ever since at a young age, wanted to build things with my hands. Whether that meant using tools and building something from wood, or digitally coding out a new Arduino hack, it was all the same to me, as long as in the end product, there was an output that I could put into the world that could be of use to someone. Currently, I’m building my website from scratch, with very little experience prior of html and javascript – it’s definitely challenging, but the learning experience is something I’ll be able to use for my next project. I enjoy working with other brilliant individuals as I have experience in hackathons, numerous design challenges with business/engineering students, and team competition work. Everyone has their own experiences that bring something new and different to the table, which makes designing a whole new experience, even if the process is the same. With everyone’s different skillset, a whole new company could be born within a makeathon like this. 
"I want to : 
- get a taste of what a CoLab Fellowship is about
- meet people from different backgrounds and learn from them and with them
- be challenged and work on a crucial problem 
- learn and grow
- have fun!"
"The school I go to now, Boston College, is full of traditional values and sets students on a very standard path expected of a traditional university from the moment you step on campus. You’ll see most of the student population fall into only a few traditional areas after graduatiuon: academia, nursing, or accounting/finance. For many people, reaching one of the “Big 4” accounting firms is a life goal built on having the best possible resume and, more importantly, having the best grades in the class. 
Boston College builds excellent accountants, but that innately creates a group of people who spend their life looking over their shoulder. At the college level, over the shoulder is everyone else competing for that same entry level internship. At the corporate level, over the shoulder is everyone else trying to steal your client, both outside the company and within. It’s also looking for that next promotion. Your success is not doing the best possible work—your success is doing better tha"
Although I identify as an architect, that means more to me than building pretty libraries, houses, and museums. Focusing on the magnum opus can distract from the iterative work that gets you there. What I love about architecture is that, with every project, you're thrown into a problem you could not have foreseen and you have to be an expert by next week—no, tomorrow. Stay in the game long enough, and you begin to make grand connections between little, even failed attempts. So I’m an architect of little things that will reach the most people in the end. The CoLab makeathon is the same way, from the sounds of it: come in blind, leave a little enlightened. I'd be meeting a lot of people who know more than I do. Which means I'll have learned something by the end, and that's a Saturday well spent.
I have encountered and used IDEO's design thinking process in much of my coursework and personal projects over the last several months, and I would love to learn more about the process and its applications through an intensive experience like the CoLab makeathon! IDEO's Design Thinking for Educators publication has given me valuable insight into tackling challenging problems in education. Most of my work to date has been in collaboration with my classmates and centered around education, and so I'm curious to explore design thinking in a different context, working with a diverse group of teammates from varying backgrounds. Beyond the makeathon, the summer fellowship would be a perfect fit for my goals following graduation this spring, allowing me to deepen my design experience and continue exploring the applications of emerging technologies to challenging problems.
As an aspiring UX and product designer in the education space, I am intrigued and perplexed by the challenge of designing within complex systems to address wicked problems. However, the work of UX or product designers in the EdTech industry rarely seems to tackle the system as a whole. Not only do I want to design compelling products and experiences, but I also want to design effective and meaningful solutions for the people who need it the most. The IDEO CoLab Makeathon would enable me to learn from analogous challenges within other human systems such as food, energy, and transportation, and to explore the affordances that emerging technologies present. And certainly, I am excited to learn from IDEO’s innovative ideology and culture, and to explore crazy ideas and solutions with others at the Makeathon. 
There is nothing better than to build awesome things with talented people in a high energy and highly collaborative environment. CoLab makeathons will be a special opportunity to make friends to have the chance to share skills and ideas. Most importantly, the shot to become an IDEO CoLab Fellow is an opportunity I have been waiting for, because to join IDEO is to be part of creating and demonstrating the role of design in shaping our future. I want to contribute to this future as a designer exploring possibility at the intersection between human centered design and technology. 
"
I am sick of learning from the traditional organized, monotonous curriculum that makes up the majority of classes in college. I desire to apply my technical and business skills in a focused effort to MAKE something. There are a multitude of problems I want to tackle that remain unsolved, bringing unneeded misfortune or struggle in the lives of many. When I share my excitement with my peers, I am often dismayed at their singular focus on grades, social life, and sleep. While I can understand the “college bubble” that is often created around us, I don’t want to be another student that is sucked into working at a large corporation with a rigid structure surrounding my opportunities. My greatest fear is that the cycle I face in college will continue as I age, without being exposed to the world of innovation and demanding nature that dominates our youth. "
"I want to participate at the CoLab makeathon because I want the opportunity to create and design products and tools that have the opportunity to help others. I had the opportunity to work in spaces such as National Public Radio and the Fort Bend Public Library, which showcases how digital tools and products can help communities and spread information. I feel that the CoLab makeathon will give me the opportunity to take the skills that I have developed at these places and worked with designers and technologist to create products that benefit various groups of people. 

My work has always been community focused and to develop work that benefit places, where emerging technologies isn't readily available. My goal is to participate in the CoLab makeathon and design tools that are both accessible and approachable. 
"
I love working with people to solve problems in novel, creative and interdisciplinary ways. I think that when people come together from different backgrounds they have solve things in ways that were previously unforeseen. My Design professor worked at IDEO for a long time, and showed us some of the inner workings of the firm, and I thought it was very inspiring. I feel the makethon would an amazing opportunity to work with people from different industries and within design practice, and build something in the manner consistent with modern design firms. Moreover, I find the CoLab within IDEO, the most interesting as it is in line with my professional aspirations, as I seek to blend HCD principles with technical background, to find human-centered solutions for the technology problems we occur today.
Of the opportunity to learn about IDEO's design thinking process all while meeting and collaborating with makers from diverse backgrounds. I believe it is crucial for makers to learn and understand emerging technologies and the CoLab makeathon challenges makers to identify applications where these technologies could be incorporated.
The makeathon is an opportunity to explore my interests, learn, work with others, and have fun. As a Computer Science major and an Officer of a non-profit, I’m excited to discover avenues that connect my passion for social justice and service with my understanding of technological tools and design processes. Whenever I hear about possibilities to work on human-centered problems that have real, measurable impact using emerging, high-potential technology and innovative, effective design, I am thrilled by the vision in front of me. I love problem solving, generating ideas, creating outcomes, working with others, and the entire process of reiteration and development. The makeathon would not only be a chance to directly engage in this passion but also to learn from working with a diverse, talented team on exploring potential and emerging technologies. Finally, a friend has always said that the best part about makeathons is the guaranteed fun, which is always an enticing motive.
"
I want to participate in the colab makeathon because I believe that in design, making is like breathing. During a Summer Product design program at Parsons, I realized the importance of design through the act of intense making. In the attempt to design a kinetic energy harvesting device for rural African communities, I engaged in intense prototyping within urban NYC. Whether it was teaching myself how to sew, or dumpster diving and perusing thrift shops in Brooklyn for precious materials, or  sawing old shoes in half to closely understand the human foot form, I realized my potential to combine thoughtful creation with ingenuity to solve real problems via innovation. 
Like group yoga, I wish to go through the motions of practicing collaborative design thinking with my talented peers as well as breaking out of known process to stretch our imaginations to find form, balance, and application of some of the best in emerging technologies. 
"
I’d like to participate in the CoLab makeathon to explore new technologies and solve problems, and for the opportunity to join IDEO CoLab as a fellow this summer.
I am really interested in meeting and collaborating with people from different fields.
"I had a rare post surgery complication and as we found out later, the doctor who was treating me was not exactly sure of the right mode of treatment. However he kept my treatment going and was experimenting. My situation worsened and my family, considered priviliged, was able to call upon some of the best doctors to come look at me. A doctor who had encountered a similar case before was able to handle the situation easily and I was soon recovering, after 10 excruciating days for me and my family.
I am lucky to have seen the light of the sun again,  however I was left pondering how easy it would if some information could have been passed at the right time. I have since tried to develop a practicable framework that connects all doctors in India in a way that help can be requested and received optimally. This framework of sharing information can also be applied across different industries. I want to develop this framework to maturity with IDEO and also solve similar such problems."" "
"I'm a visual thinker, well-versed in a variety of creative disciplines, including film and video production, writing, sculpture, and three-dimensional design, and I feel most at home working with others on hands-on, project-based pursuits.

My experience with film production has given me a lot of opportunity to work within a team, and I love being in an environment where several people come together, contribute their unique perspectives, and are able to create something that lives at the intersection of their skills and interests. I also can't discount the equity of responsibility that naturally arises when working within a team. Whether it's reading over and cleaning up a proposal, or sketching out the first draft of a schematic, I'm always excited by everyone's readiness to step in, help out and buoy the project toward realization. 

Finally, I'm really looking forward to learning and working with new technology. I think it will be very cool to feel connected to the innovations that"
"I’ve recently been exposed to the world of UI/UX and am eager to further explore the creative and critical thinking involved in design processes. This past winter, I spent time at Mad*Pow, a design agency using psychological principles to create user-friendly products that promote overall wellbeing. There I learned about the many aspects that go into design, from client-based research and usability testing to content strategy. As a psychology major, I am very interested in and passionate about individual experiences. Deeply driven by empathy, I believe that my compassion for others and my creativity similarly align with IDEO’s mission to have a positive impact on the world through their designs. In the fast-paced environment that IDEO is, I would be excited to challenge and expand my creative thinking skills, while combining my current passions of psychology, technology and working with others.
"
"My focus in graduate school has been around how emerging technologies are transforming what it means to live in cities and to deliver health services. I want to dive into thinking about what these technologies might mean for solving problems that matter to millions of people. 

As a Coro Fellow in Public Affairs I had the opportunity to spend a day at IDEO learning design thinking. I've constantly returned to the principles I learned during that day when I need to focus on the needs of a user or solve a problem where the path forward is not clear. I want an opportunity to learn more. "
"it is a place where ideas grow. I strongly believe that collaborating with people from different backgrounds can lead to finding solutions and
connections between things that may have previously seemed incompatible and that's the whole magic of it! Being able to meet and work with a fascinating interdisciplinary mix of talents to develop applications for emerging technologies that I have been exploring during my master's degree, such as VR/AR, AI, blockchain and IoT technologies, will provide a unique learning and challenging experience. I know that the CoLab Makeathon at IDEO is really the perfect environment to host my varied interests by welcoming me in a community that thrives on diversity. "
"On my resume, I am a software developer. In my mind, I am a designer. But in my heart, I am an innovator. 

I believe IDEO’s CoLab is the perfect environment for me to contribute, learn and grow with the greatest minds from different fields, shaping our future utilizing latest technologies, and bringing forth technologies by putting humans in the center through design.

It is my dream to work for IDEO and this is the perfect opportunity to meet others and get involved with the community."
As a business designer, I have built and employed sustainable data analysis tools to measure impact and beneficiary satisfaction for humanitarian aid organizations. This makeathon is an exciting opportunity to work with other designers and engage directly with new technologies. 
"As an expert “what if’s” question-asker, future-oriented thoughts take up a good chunk of my mind. One of these “what if’s” dates to when I was 10—I would go to sleep upset I couldn’t watch TV and wonder, “What if I had a tiny little TV that I could hold in my hand to watch underneath my sheets so my parents won’t find out?” If only I were born 10 years later…

While speculation gives birth to amazing things, I also respect being grounded in place and time. There are people on this earth in all walks of life; some struggling to figure out what to eat out of all the options and others trying to figure out how to survive another day of starvation. At the CoLab makeathon, I hope to join a group of high energy individuals with diverse perspective and a sincere passion to create meaningful change in this world. 
"
"I want to feel the joy of innovation - create, connect, get energized and be stimulated alongside a diverse group of inspirers and challengers. IDEO workshops and Design Thinking classes that I have attended so far, focused on a specific design thinking step. I am looking forward to experiencing the whole IDEO innovation process, from A to Z. 

I have been lucky; despite the long hours, entrepreneurship has never felt like work to me. On the one hand, as a consultant, I have had the opportunity to work on many great projects that ended up simply being shelved. On the other hand, in startups, I have experienced the thrill of implementation, lacking a broader range of projects. In the realm of IDEO, one gets the best of both worlds. This makeathon could open a door for me to join this IDEO family. 

At the end of the day, I will have a fantastic opportunity to explore game-changing technologies, to design an application first-hand, and potentially impact the market through the involved "
"
Someone looked at me the other day and said, “You’re the sort of person that likes things”. I agree that I do like well-crafted, well thought out things. My favourite uncle wanted to be an artist but my grandfather ripped up his art school applications and threw them away. He studied engineering instead but maintained a love for art that overflowed into the rest of my family. Surrounded by the pieces of modern and contemporary African Art he had hanging all over his house, and often in the houses of his siblings, I developed a love for details, and for the decidedly aesthetic. Attention to detail is very important to me; I appreciate a nicely designed website or a well-laid out user interface. It is important to me that things are crafted to be used easily, and to be desirable. 
I think I have a lot of potential to work in design, and the makeathon provides a unique opportunity to explore that. "
It’ll be a ton of fun. I’m an MBA student who loves human-centered design and applying new technologies to solving problems in fundamental industries like agriculture, energy, and finance. For example, last year, I worked with a team of business, design, and engineering students at UPenn to improve the patient journey for a healthcare client of Smart Design. We performed user research, ideated possible solutions, prototyped, and iterated our proposed solution (e.g. RFID tokens to gamify the hospital experience). Although our proposal wasn’t implemented, I had a blast learning from the diverse backgrounds of my teammates and iterating on different ideas. In addition, I enjoy experimenting with emerging technologies. For example, for a final project for a class, I hacked together a tool to send a daily SMS message to my iPhone with a new lesson from the class using Twilio’s text message API. The CoLab makethon will allow me to work with a multidisciplinary team and prototype new tech.
"Since my formal introduction to IDEO HCD techniques at San Francisco’s Bits+Blocks CoLab Makeathon last year, I’ve been driven to apply a similarly interdisciplinary, iterative, and human-driven to my academic and extracurricular work. 

My experience at the Bits+Blocks makeathon reinforced my love for IDEO and of working collaboratively and efficiently alongside others. I found the experience to be one of the most intrinsically rewarding and intellectually exciting times of my time in college— one where I felt encouraged to disagree, iterate, and make. This, all while applying my academic interests and the strongly-held belief that technology, combined with a fundamental understanding of people for whom the idea works, can solve many of the world’s larger problems. 
"
I'd love to be immersed in a setting with people as insatiably curious and creative as I am. 
I would like to working collaboratively with people with different backgrounds
I would like to learn with and alongside like minded individuals working towards a future with more integrated technologies. 
I love meeting and collaborating with people who have different backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. Additionally, I've been wanting to explore how emerging technologies and paradigms play into my interests in environmental and social change, and how my current skill set is applicable to their development. I hope that the makeathon will widen my perspective and help me figure out what I need to learn and do next. Of course, I'm also interested in the opportunity the makeathon presents to participate in the CoLab summer fellowship, which I think would really help me explore and expand my interests.
"
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon in order to learn more about IDEO’s Research and Design approach. I am especially excited to apply that approach to the emerging technologies that are shaping our future.

Since starting business school, I have been working on projects for several Bay Area Venture Capital funds, including Sequoia and Better Ventures, with a focus on the Future of Work. I believe we are on the verge of a new industrial revolution, and human centered design is the key to building the tools necessary for the new economy. 

I believe that all companies should incorporate a user-centered approach into their design process, and would love the opportunity to learn that approach from the IDEO R&D team.

"
"I love building new things, creating an idea in the adjacent possible and gluing together cutting edge tech to form a working prototype.  I spend a lot of my weekends making and hacking side projects.

I particularly love the impetus of a short time frame to deliver on a new idea --- it cuts out the analysis paralysis and makes a group focus on the shortest path to a working proof-of-concept --- getting together with a group of similarly motivated people with a variety of skills and going from zero to duct-tape quickly.

Some of the most exciting times I've had have been in hackathons or team research competitions with a short time frame."
 The CoLab makeathon seems to be a great intro into a higher level of design than I am used to, and I want to take on that challenge. I want to experience a whole new take on the design process by innovating ways with a team in the Ideo setting. Moreover, creativity is something that I want to affect all of my projects, and I think the makeathon could teach me how to do so in an efficient and real way. Working with other creatives spawns a really cool energy, and I want to be able to harness that and make something effective and helpful. Also, working with/for Ideo would be a dream.
I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because an interdisciplinary, ideation intensive, opportunity to learn how to better design fun and interesting products with people who have different skill sets than me sounds like a good way to improve as a thinker and a designer.
I'm interested in creating designs that require the intersection of different disciplines, with different points of view at the decision-making table. One of my favorite parts of the design process is the magic that happens as teams coalesce on a vision and then energize to make it happen.
It’ll be a ton of fun. I’m an MBA student who loves human-centered design and applying new technologies to solving problems in fundamental industries like agriculture, energy, and finance. For example, last year, I worked with a team of business, design, and engineering students at UPenn to improve the patient journey for a healthcare client of Smart Design. We performed user research, ideated possible solutions, prototyped, and iterated our proposed solution (e.g. RFID tokens to gamify the hospital experience). Although our proposal wasn’t implemented, I had a blast learning from the diverse backgrounds of my teammates and iterating on different ideas. In addition, I enjoy experimenting with emerging technologies. For example, for a final project for a class, I hacked together a tool to send a daily SMS message to my iPhone with a new lesson from the class using Twilio’s text message API. The CoLab makeathon will allow me to work with a multidisciplinary team and prototype new tech.
I want to help build out new ideas for ambitious, far-reaching change -- and then translate them into practical, implementable systems. Tectonic shifts in technology can make whole systems of production and thought irrelevant, however, if we can effectively and humanely harness the energy of these changes, we can create genuine benefits for society in the broadest terms. I want to learn from and work alongside creative thinkers and makers who are ready to take innovative ideas from concept, to the drafting table, then to reality.  
"I want to participate in the IDEO CoLab makeathon because I want to work with dynamic teams and individuals to solve large problems using design thinking. Participating in the makeathon, and hopefully in the fellowship, will allow me to learn from people in IDEO and elsewhere with different backgrounds. Innovating in areas such as food and transportation will require a breadth of experiences and knowledge to approach. While I can provide my technical background to contribute in that dimension, I want to grow by working with designers, business-people, and other engineers to learn how they think about these problems, and how we can leverage emerging technologies like blockchain and VR. 
Through conversations and through extensive travels in areas like Brazil and India, I understand how systems like money and transportation can work differently than what we are used to. I want to share my experiences and listen to that of others, so we can holistically innovate on existing systems. 
"
I am a hard worker, passionate for what I do, always open to new ideas and ready to tackle new challenges. I’ve driven projects on my own and as part of a team, learning to work well under any given circumstances. IDEO's CoLab would be the most ideal environment for me to grow as a designer, expanding my skills and sharing my enthusiasm with designers and thinkers that form today’s world.
"I’m eager to be a part of the CoLab Makeathon to hone my technical skills with design and prototyping. Before arriving at Stanford, I was wholly unfamiliar with design thinking and intimidated by what I saw as an ambiguous buzzword. After my first introduction to the process during a Stanford d.school workshop, however, I quickly realized that design thinking was not at all an unfamiliar concept to me. Though I’d never had a name for it before, the iterative process of delving deep into problems, generating ideas, and experimenting with solutions—all with stakeholders’ needs at the core of the approach—is baked into my instinctive methodology for how I’ve always tackled new situations.

I’m looking forward to gaining more formal experience with these approaches at the Makeathon. In particular, though I’ve done extensive work with visual and business design, I haven’t spent much time doing technical development or prototyping."
"I love the humanity of IDEO’s design process. I first became an engineer because I wanted to use technology in a way that would delight others, but, as a student, I sometimes focus too much on the objects I create, rather than the people I create them for. I get so wrapped up in figuring out how engines work, for instance, that I forget why I’m in this in the first place: to make people happy. 

That’s why it was so delightful to tour the IDEO office in Palo Alto last year. I was struck in particular by the story of designing a new nail polish brush.  I love that IDEO cares about things like that; small items so close to the lives of ordinary people. It reminded me of the kind of engineer I want to be. 

Finally, I had lunch with a friend earlier this quarter. He told me about his summer as a CoLab Fellow, and I felt the same excitement buzzing through me again. Of course, I would love to spend the summer working with IDEO’s R&D team, but even one day would be an incredible treat. "
"Like any good millennial, I’ve closely monitored the pervasive digital shifts manifesting in our world. That is why I chose to help one of the leading professional services firms understand how emerging technologies are changing the ways businesses and people, across industries and geographies, operate. I’ve seen that, even amid a landscape of drastic technological opportunity, people charged with innovating tend to fall back on proven, familiar behaviors. 

To combat this tendency, one must practice a disciplined approach to designing change, rooted in an understanding of the underlying human elements of a situation as well as the technology through which they’re expressed. I’ve seen a variety of approaches to inciting design-based innovation, through mentorship, formal teaching, and direct professional experience. I’m excited to see how IDEO’s leading method of making change can be applied to key technologies, and to connect with other restless minds along the process. 
"
I want to be out of my comfort zone. I have spent all my professional career in finance, and will likely return to venture capital after graduating from the GSB. However, I want to spend my summer doing something I have never done before, something that inspires me, and something that I know will challenge me.
"it sounds like an opportunity to bring together a lot of areas I care about - getting to work hands on with interesting people, tackling important and audacious opportunities that matter to the world, and learning more about news trends in technology like internet of things and artificial intelligence. 

These three areas are connected through the Design Thinking process which has been an important part of my career, and a process I would like to further develop my skills in. I taught myself the basics of design thinking so that I could pass this process onto the software entrepreneurs I taught in Ghana. I worked with the entrepreneurs to ""get out of the building"" and design solutions centered around empathy for the end-user. This interest continued when I designed mobile communication programs in developing markets such as designing a maternal health education program by going to rural Ghana to seek to understand their health needs and their technology access."
I value continuing research in product design. My goal as a maker is to utilize new research and technologies to improve the products I help to create. I value innovations which expand the potential of what people can discover, imagine, and create. I value innovations which allow, and make it easier for individuals and communities to use resources more efficiently. I value innovations which don't just use existing tools in new ways, but which reimagine the tools themselves. By participating in CoLab and working in a diverse team, I would hope to not only develop my own skills, but to share in the development of new ideas, products, or services which can make an impact on people's lives. 
* I enjoy being around, learning from, and brainstorming with like-minded individuals who also use the human-centered design process as a means for problem solving. I believe that bringing in a variety of different perspectives and knowledge systems to the table with different talented individuals from all walks of life is paramount to creating more impactful design solutions to any set of problems in any context.
I want to work with a multi-disciplinary team on real world problems through the lens of emerging technologies. Coming from a design and critique-centered background, I have always found that some of my best ideas come forward when working collaboratively with other people. I really strive for this, so I am always searching for further opportunities to work with other people in and outside the studio environment. I wish to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I want to have the chance to become a better designer through the vehicle of design driven group-collaboration.
making at the intersection of design and technology with talented, like-minded people intent on improving human experiences... would be a dream.
I have participated in design challenges and hackathons before and I find the pace of development and the process of creation under time constraints fascinating. I simply have fun making things and I truly enjoy working in interdisciplinary teams. I also love learning different ideating methods and what best than to learn design thinking from IDEO? 
"I want to make stuff. On a day to day basis, I work in an immensely large organization, where I play a small part of a mission larger than anything I could pursue on my own or on a small team. I have found ways to pierce the bureaucracy and be effective in that context, but on a personal level, I have wanted more ownership of a project. I’ve found outlets for my creative drive by learning UX, Sketch, and Swift on my free time. But I want to learn more, and I want to tackle different challenges. 

Secondly, I’d like to work on projects that drive human progress in different ways. National security is foundational to every country, and it is the bedrock for any human institution. But I also recognize that not every hero wears a uniform and not all service is done while carrying a weapon. There are different needs in different communities throughout, and I want to contribute one small part to addressing those needs. "
I will always jump on the opportunity to make something new. It's what keeps me going!
I am drawn to the power of visuals and think that they're invaluable to everything in existence. Combining technology and design specifically is something that I'd like to explore, and I think this event matches that interest perfectly.
I am eager to contribute to the CoLab with my multicultural background (I was born and raised in Serbia), the skills I learned at the d.school and my unwavering passion for human relationships. I know these could be further developed through the Makeathon - I'd never miss a chance to get better at being a designer, as I find it to be the best job in the world. 
I'm a designer, artist, and activist passionate about the intersections between design, impact, and human complexity. I'm particularly interested in IDEO's renowned pedagogy for human-centered design as not only a tool for better business and product thinking, but as an opportunity to rethink how human beings are deeply and viscerally connected to each other with elevated curiosity, creativity, and empathy. I participated in the CoLab's fall makeathon in San Francisco back in November 2016, and I had a wonderful time exploring emerging technologies with such a diverse group of people committed to this same purpose. I'd love to join the CoLab again this spring, this time with renewed excitement and motivation! 
I want to use the design process to better understand the impact that new technologies can have on the world. I’m extremely excited about the new developments that are occurring in virtual reality and artificial intelligence, but I believe that the potential of such technologies is largely unknown. Despite such a reality, I feel as if engineers too often neglect the ethical and real world implications of their work. The design process, to me, is the greatest tool one can use to help situate such new technologies within an appropriate social context, applying them in ways that can truly benefit all of society. As a member of Stanford’s highly-selective CS + Social Good team and Design for America, I have been able to see first hand the amazing results that come from working on teams with multidisciplinary abilities and perspectives, and am excited to potentially be working with some of the most creative and innovative thinkers in the country at the CoLab makeathon. 
I had the opportunity to participate in the colab with IDEO this past fall. It was a great learning experience because the design cycle was so short.  I am new to the practice of design thinking but though product design courses at Berkeley; I have applied the human centered design approach to approach numerous problems including low cost biodegradable sanitary napkins and an ergonomic ear medication bottle.  I am enthusiastic about bringing these above experiences and learning from the experiences of others at the makeathon. 
"IDEO has always been my dream company; your products and board spirit has greatly inspired me to pursue a career in interactive design. I have always admired your perseverance for innovation of entrepreneurial spirit. 
I am good at grasping the holistic picture. because my ability to visualize concepts, I am usually in charge of prototyping the idea in group projects right after brainstorming. At the same time, I am also able to optimize given systems and create a completely new experiences. As ITP is more focused on inspiring concepts and ideas, I have many chances to learn new softwares independently. This trait of the program has made me a great self-starter and self-motivated  learner. After developing an idea, I am always able to  seek  for the most effective way to realize it. 
I realized how bold, brave and advanced IDEO is, especially in visualization ideas in a delightful way and develop new technology such as Augmented Reality. I believe that I will be a good asset to IDEO."
Makeathons excite me and I love the collaboration of people of many different disciplines to create something for good! I want to meet other individuals and come up with an energized idea that can inspire something bigger.
"
* Paint Points: 
- A lot of breadth but lack of depth in classes I have taken 
- Learned a lot of ways thinking from multiple disciplines: dance, anthropology, philosophy, computer science, etc. 
- Lack a platform to apply these insights 

* How might we help Son find a cross-disciplinary platform where he could apply his methodologies? 

* Solution: IDEO -> IDEO CoLab Makeathon 
"
Making, to me, is a way of expressing myself. It is with great joy and passion that I delve into working with novel technology, talented team mates, and breakthrough ideas. It's the combination of these components, along with what I hope to bring to the team (a background in human-centered design and mechanical engineering) to build a fantastic and innovative product. I want to participate because I know that this is an amazing opportunity for me to break out of my comfort zone into a technology I'm not an expert in, and try to apply my skill sets to a broader range of topics. It would be such an amazing opportunity  to take advantage of a time and space, like this makethon, to hone my skills, learn new ones, meet new people and make cool things.
"I love transcending the line between our imagination and reality. I'm happiest whenever I'm creating something . I'm excited for this makeathon because I can't wait to feel the thrill of creating something from scratch with other passionate people again.
IDEO has always been one of my dream companies because of how it harnesses design thinking to solve some of the most pressing challenges facing mankind. Getting to spend even a day learning about the IDEO ethos of innovation will be an incredible opportunity."
It is in the intersection of things I am passionate about. I have learned computer science with emphasis on AI and then worked in a self-driving cars company for 5 years, and came to the GSB because of my passion for technology, business and creation. I am very interested in a customer first and problem first design thinking and want to hone my skills in the practice. I also see it as great exercise in team work.
"In the past, i have just attended Hackathon’s where it is mainly tech based innovations. As a designer, i would like to take part in the Makeathon because CoLab is one of the few places that uses a skill that i have learnt in class and a skill that i find fascinating : design thinking. I have a technology, business (startups) and design background and i would like to take part in the Makeathon to not only be able to help out in various capacities in a team but to also meet students from a  completely different background like Biology and learn from them— a skill that i have found useful whilst working in my current startup. 
In addition, i love prototyping and making things from my hands to display my ideas and concepts and this will be a great chance for me to see how to use it outside of class in my very first Makeatheon"
I would love the experience of applying the IDEO 'design thinking' methodology, that I study in my academic program, in such an exhilarating environment. I am excited by the prospect of collaborating with a team of individuals with a wide variety of interests and areas of expertise, and I look forward to learning as much as I can from them. The makeathon is representative of what I want to do with my life - work in creative teams to identify human needs and improve lives through the application of new technologies. Working with IDEO would be the dream.
"
I want to create – ideas, processes, products. I want to work with and learn from a diverse group of designers, artists, students, professionals, engineers and innovators. I want to continue my exploration of design and design thinking and technology and human needs. I want to unpack questions I have about these topics in a space meant for unpacking (and analyzing and discussing and asking more questions and beginning to consider solutions), a space that isn’t always found in lectures and textbooks. CoLab makeathon sounds like an opportunity for all of the above, and for growth, diverse perspectives and purposeful collaboration. "
I’ve always been passionate about working on projects that have the potential to significantly effect lives. As a current student, I have just recently moved through the entire education system from elementary school to university. There were many times along this journey where I found myself wondering how education could be done better. Classes moved too slow. The institutions churned students out in batches with everyone advancing together. The curriculum was very rigid, not providing students the opportunity to explore what the world has to offer and to dive deep when they found passion for a subject. I believe well designed technology solutions can play a key role in improving education. This is one of the many areas IDEO San Francisco is tackling that I am excited about. From my experience, when brilliant people are thrown into a space together and put to a challenge or problem, innovative ideas and solutions occur. I would love a chance to be a part of this.
"I am a UX Designer with a visual design background; my ex-background was an engineer. 
I love to improve my skills. I always believe with a good education; we can do everything better. 
I love teamwork and see how people think differently and solve problems differently.
I like to work with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers, designers, and business-minded folks with different strengths and interests.  
Also, as a designer, I'd like to improve design thinking and prototype with using last technologies. 

Currently, I am freelancing startups and my start-up. I know how important to design human-centered products and services and test them with real people. If I can participate CoLab marathon, I know how will improve my life and how will change my design decisions.    

So I hope I can join the team and I can also teach my experience to other team members. "
"I think the makeathon would be a fun experience in terms of collaborating with other smart and excited people in designing and creating.  I enjoy sharing ideas with other people, and hearing about their ideas.  I like seeing my own hypotheses challenged (and proven wrong) through actual user experience testing because it increases my own understanding of the world.  Finally, I like the feeling of having created something with another person.  My work is all about meaningful connections (of all sorts), and I see creating with others as a form of meaningful connection.  

Also, I'd really like to be a participant in the summer fellowship.  I'd see it as an opportunity to extend what I find exciting about the Makeathon (joint brainstorming, co-creation, having my understandings challenged, making meaningful connections).  I believe that adding business constraints can push us to stretch our creativity in design and creation."
"I have three main reasons for wanting to take part in this an amazing opportunity: I have a bias towards action and output, I believe that many great ideas come to life when multi-disciplinary minds work together, and I’m excited about applying design thinking process to emerging technologies. 
I believe firmly in the process of design thinking and having IDEO experts as mentors is a great way to get to “sticky” products that address real needs. Also, to me, the process of working with talented individuals from interdisciplinary fields, is just as exhilarating as achieving an output with real potential.  
"
The opportunity to engage wholeheartedly in project should not be overlooked. I want to design with capable people under tough constraints. Our progress will rest on pooling our capacities, treating our conversation thoughtfully, and structuring our process intentionally. Challenges like makeathons are awesome because the momentum of a project is so easy to build when everyone is motivated and on the same page. 
I want to meet talented, brilliant people to collaborate with and learn from. I'm excited to hear about everyone's ideas for the future of technology!
The idea of creating new applications and devices with emerging technologies is something that has always excited me but that I have been too afraid to pursue until recently.  As an aspiring UX/UI designer and software developer I would love to find a place to put my skills to the test and work with other ambitious people at the forefront of the field of design. Earning a fellowship with Ideo, a company devoted to innovation and design in all imaginable forms, would be a dream for me. However, just competing in this makeathon and putting my design and coding skills to use would be satisfying for me in itself.
"I consider myself a maker at heart. In high school, I was the only girl on my high school FRC robotics team. I was an ambassador for Girls Who Code. I am an avid photographer since my freshman year of high school and am a skilled Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign user. Based on my contributions, I rose to become Editor in Chief of my yearbook during my senior year. 
One of the creations that I am most proud of is a tool for the blind I created about a year and a half ago (the link to the premise of this tool is included in my application above). This idea for this tool was inspired by my grandmother’s visual impairment and currently has a utility patent. 
I would be delighted to apply my newly acquired skills in 3D modeling, design, coding, and business at the CoLab Makeathon to create solutions for issues that affect the world. "
I am happiest when I can make something awesome, meet new friends, and learn new things. The makeathon seems to be a concentrated version of all three. I am excited to see who I will meet and what we will build together.
I am always excited to engage with like minded peers and mentors from diverse backgrounds. The design challenges at this makeathon are sure to bring a range of participants and facilitators, and I want to see what others are up to and learn how they are approaching these futuristic problems. What are their points of view on the next connected home? Do they think healthcare is a worthwhile field to improve with design thinking and these new technologies? I want to challenge my ways of thinking about these subjects and in the process uncover insights about these technologies and their potential implications on the human and user experience. Someday these technologies will be the status quo, and we will all have to understand the human implications of them if we want to wield them in our designs effectively - so I will jump at the chance to practice designing with them in mind.
"I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because...* (999 char)
I want to be stretched and prodded in new ways. The makeathon video from 2015 piqued my interest and gave me a glimpse into what a collaborative and human-centered approach can  create in such a short amount of time. The participants were solving real-world problems in a way that was both intentional and meaningful. There’s something about concentrated problem-solving events like charrettes, makeathons, and hackathons that creates magic. Perhaps it’s the singular focus on a topic or the fast-paced environment, but all these things make me highly interested in what could be accomplished through a good process, amazing people, and a set time to “make.” Therefore, I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I believe that with the right process, environment, and guidance, the magic of problem-solving can truly come alive despite the short timeline. "
"My experiences have shown me how innovation comes from the intersection of business, design, and technology, and how people are at the center of this innovation. This is what drew me to IDEO: bringing about change through the intention of bettering the lives of people. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because of the opportunity I will have to meet a variety of people and learn from different perspectives for this purpose. Having such unique individuals come together to create something amazing through human-centered design is a one-of-a-kind chance that could only happen with IDEO.  

I am inherently a creative person. I believe in brainstorming and probing at ways we can solve today’s social issues through the power of teamwork and fitting different experiences together. The idea of social entrepreneurship fits into my plan through empathizing with others and utilizing a more structured approach with the business model, while still offering a creative pathway. "
"I am beyond excited in an opportunity to join a diverse community of design thinkers and innovators in solving a problem in the home of human-centered design. I am eager to solve problems through makers, thinkers, and doers from a wide range of disciplines behind a shared love for collaborative innovation. I would love to get a chance in amplifying the “design movement” and its real time impact. I am looking forward to apply my skills in an innovative environment as well as learn as much as I can. 
"
My university education, specifically my studio art and media studies courses, lit a fire that continues to burn as I seek and facilitate spaces that value diverse voices and backgrounds through supporting local youth organizers, a biweekly meetup for pair programming and civic-minded group projects, and my tech collective, Color<Coded>. I came to the SF makeathon last November to learn as I go with people of different backgrounds and left realizing the experience was a way of telling me to focus on the baggage of skills that come with me identifying as a “technologist” advocating for people before technology. Since then, I’ve learned much about giving yourself the time and space to learn and refine your craft, and I wish for a second chance to contribute to good design, good tech, and good collaboration.
"Some kids get high on drugs; I get high on creative ideas.  My mind sees the world as a problem solver's playground.  

I would love the opportunity to participate in this makeathon because I would like to see my skills implemented and given the chance to make a difference, while enhancing my skill set to bring back to the classroom.  The only issue is that while I have all these great ideas bouncing around in my head, I have absolutely no clue where to begin to start turning them from a concept to a reality.  This is why I cherish the opportunity to be able to work alongside other makers who can teach me how to break out from the idea bubble and into the prototyping stage.  While I do enjoy tinkering with new technologies such as 3D printing and laser cutting, I still go back to the traditional days of paper crafts and thread. 
"
While my major is NGOs and Social Change and I am learning how to be a business designer, I also consider myself a visual designer. I have been into photography for a while now and absolutely love composing shots with my camera. However in the past I have also danced, painted, and taken drawing and animation classes. With learning every new art, my view of the world shifts. Making human-centered designs geared towards augmented reality, artificial intelligence etc., will stretch and challenge my creative problem-solving process. I am not as familiar with these technologies as say, social media, but they inspire me. Furthermore, getting to see my dad work on advanced and emerging technologies at Disney has inspired me to think about the ways that these ideas could work well for a non-profit and towards the end result of solving social justice issues. This marathon would not only bring together both my business and design interests but would challenge me in a brand new way. 
I have a passion for working on the intersection of design, engineering, and technology and aim to become a product design engineer. I would like a career that involves user experience design/human centered design in fields relating to robotics, electromechanical products, and applications/websites. Since my school does not offer a major related to my specific interests, I have developed my own major (please see major section for more information). I think this makeathon will really enable to me gain invaluable experiences that I am unable to obtain at my university. It would also like to meet and collaborate with people from all walks of life that I do not get the opportunity to work with at UCSD in order that I may grow in my ability to work with a variety of people with different personalities, strengths, and weaknesses. Lastly, I think my participation in the makeathon will really be an important stepping stone toward my goal of becoming a well-rounded product design engineer.
I respect the design of Ideo immensely and I can't think of a better way to kickstart my career in technology oriented design than to participate in the makeathon.
"    1. I’m a maker at heart, and am passionate about solving wicked problems using design and technology. Why? I’m fascinated by human individuality and diversity. I love learning about people, experiences, and products, & the nuanced ways we interact with each other and technology. In design, I see the opportunity to do my part in learning about, improving upon, and sharing a piece of the human experience.
    2. I want to participate in the CoLab makeathon because I’m fascinated by emerging technologies (specifically AR/VR and IoT), enjoy collaborating with others, and love solving problems with design!"
this is an amazing opportunity to explore the application of design thinking to solve real world problems and interact with people who are also intrigued and excited about the prospect of innovation.
"its different. It's groundbreaking. And it requires investigation into the human aspect of design. 

I want to shape the conversation surrounding technology by bringing a socially-cognizant mindset to its development. Technology is only useful in the context of those it serves. Thus, I believe the CoLab is an incredible opportunity to work with industry leaders and change agents in designing revolutionary technology that benefits marginalized and unrepresented communities at a global scale. 

"
I want to be able to explore the CoLab design experience and be able to contribute and learn how IDEO design make the difference, improve human life and change the world.
"I want to build with other people. I’ve greatly enjoyed my collaborations with programmers and designers to help build ZeroDay and Welcome Home. I’ve also enjoyed an IDEO session I attended through Silicon Valley Bank in SF. We prototyped a personal relationship manager after understanding problems people had around keeping in touch with people.

Ultimately, as discussed above, I’m driven to make cities better. I believe that experiences like the CoLab Makeathon will provide tools to help me drive urban innovation. "
I have recently become very interested in human-centered design after taking a seminar at Stanford's d.School. My original career aspirations were to design education technologies (ed-tech) for underprivileged classrooms but, after learning about how powerful the human-centered design process was, I began looking for opportunities to develop my empathy and prototyping skills in order to become a better ed-tech designer in the future. Participating in the CoLab makeathon will introduce me to emerging technologies that may have potential applications to education technology--ex. AI and VR/AR. Regardless, I believe increasing my palette of knowledge on the scope of technology will help me better understand the potentials and limits of technology from a designer's standpoint. I am also excited to enrich my own perspective of human-centered design by learning from my peers and the prototyping process for the day. 